[Music]
hello my name is brian and i'm the
chairman of the mars rover society at
binghamton
this year we have collected a group of
talented individuals in engineering
biology and geophysics to help lead our
team towards success
by working in a tight schedule under
strict administration
we have worked non-stop to achieve our
goals under requirements and standards
that fit what we personally think is
best for the competition
the mechanical platform is composed of
three major subsystems suspension frame
and wheels
after thorough research and comparison
of alternative designs we implemented a
simple yet robust six wheel rocker
boogie design to climb obstacles up to
two times a wheel diameter
we optimized our suspension system using
analysis tools to experience minimal
deflection and straightforward driving
as well as lateral turning
the rover's frame was designed to be
lightweight primarily to keep our center
of mass low and remain stable at steep
inclines coming in at only seven and a
half kilograms we were able to utilize
heavier and stronger parts for the
suspension
our custom sheet metal design made by
protocase is also sealed off from the
environment and provides active cooling
to electrical components
we are currently running the rover with
low-cost rubber wheels and custom 3d
printed hubs to fit our gearboxes and
reduce weight for competition we have a
custom 3d printed wheel design that will
greatly improve our performance in sand
and soft soil
every goal of the electrical platform
team is the safety and reliability of
the subsystems two 8 000 milliamp hour
lithium polymer batteries were selected
and it's a hot swappable configuration
to provide 1.5 hours of power each
we picked 92 watt brushless dc motors
with 1 in 20 gearboxes
this allows the rover to move at nearly
6 miles per hour and climb 45 degree
inclines easily the power distribution
for the rover is divided between the
motor system and sensitive systems such
as the computer and communications
control logic in our converters allows
easy switching in critical situations
two stop switches are wired on the rover
with the e-stop to power off adjust the
motors during testing additional
filtering and protection will be
implemented to detect stalls
the navigation team has been working on
designing a computer system capable of
processing all the sensor data for the
science cache task and autonomous
navigation the nvidia tx2 will be used
to read data from the centers which
includes lidar gps and imu we'll be
utilizing raws to interpret the sensor
data and implementing it with other
subsystems within the rover for
autonomous traversal tasks we'll be
implementing visual based slam
algorithms these algorithms will report
specific landmarks in the rover's
surroundings and help create a map for
navigation purposes audiology and gps
will be processed through an accepted
calend filter to localize the rover
within its own map
our goal is to design a user interface
and a series of network protocols that
will allow for remote control of the
rover through a wireless network as well
as design the rover's autonomous
navigation system
after extensive research we decided to
go with udp protocols and our results
have been promising we have successfully
tested connections between the rover and
the base station that will allow for
control and video feeds to be sent
between the two systems
while the rover is in manual mode an
xbox controller is used to control the
movements of the rover components when
we flip a switch on the base station
computer the rover will take over an
autonomous mode and use data obtained
from the z camera lidar and several
other sensors to determine the best path
while the autonomous system is not fully
implemented yet the software team has
completed several critical components
already such as tennis ball detection we
have been working with a quarter scale
test rover to implement test and
optimize our autonomous components
using ubiquity's airlink simulation
software we verified that we should be
able to transfer five megabits per
second at up to one kilometer which is
enough to successfully communicate with
the rover's main systems our field tests
have promising results we have
communicated at 300 meters successfully
and expect to have it fully functional
within a month
using autodesk fusion we designed
multiple arms and grippers each time we
reiterated over our most promising
features with the goal that it will be
capable of lifting five kilograms and
operate the equipment expected in the
equipment servicing task we tested and
altered our designs and cad until we
felt confident enough to design a basic
arm for testing we are currently working
towards our final design and expect to
be done within a month
we have also taken the same approach for
our end effector with our current design
being an onyx printed gripper
the sample collector will be tested for
temperature and humidity onboard the
roof we will conduct chemical and
physical analysis on the sample to test
for ph grain size and phosphorus content
among other things these traces in turn
hint at the potential presence of living
organisms or the suitability for life of
the sample
