it's always inspiring
we the team arastra from sairam
institution Chennai joined together and
accepted the challenge to change the way
roversar the universal Rover challenge
is a great opportunity to showcase our
team skills and creativity by designing
a robot that can explore outer space
like Mars our team's hard work and
designing autonomous
a short way of
dedicated mentors and a properly
classified subsystems we are able to
make our Dream Come True project and
asked autonomous Rover is a
well-designed and can be constructed
agent that consists a range of
specialized components to facilitate
heat manipulation and movements
for this Rover we have designed the
chases considering basic Global load
cases it is made in space frame
configuration using aluminum Extrusion
and compost kit panels This framework
provides High structural Integrity
without external panels being stressed
the optimized dormitory are well
distributed weights helps us to achieve
a static stability factor of 1.3 The
Rocker buggy system enables our Rover to
transfer the challenging terrain on Moss
myth easy me ensure a robot construction
by using carbon fiber tubes and machined
aluminum pots the differential driver
system provides a simple and effective
control for Rover movements enabling our
Rover to turn and maneuver smoothly even
in tight spaces we have designed and
manufactured specialized dpu wheels too
great various options
[Music]
operate for extended periods while still
making a high level of performance the
design of all the electrical systems
using customers and the custom
transplant here with the robotic arm a
significant accomplishment through this
we can have more precise control of the
vertica and it is easy to operate in
challenging environments
we opted for stm32 controllers as these
controllers are known for their
reliability and versatility they provide
an excellent platform for controlling
complex systems and their High
processing power will ensure that a
Rover can perform a wide range of tasks
efficiently the use of Stress Control
Motion in the robotic arm which enable
us to perform delicate operations
accurately science teams are a great
can't even various methods to find the
possibility of life forms in motion soil
we tried many sensors and the chemicals
to design our own indigenous system to
find the possibility of Cyclops up to 12
soil samples can be collected by the
vacuum pump and subject to an internet
and test to detect the presence of
amines and amino acid with the help of
computer vision
centers to measure nitrate phosphorus on
potassium with pH levels in the soil is
to check whether the soil has potential
for life is also integrated within our
system to get a better look at result we
are using close-up imager to take
detailed pictures of box up to close
with sub millimeter resolutions by
analyzing the crystal structures it is
possible to determine even planetary
level and any changes that has
previously happened machine learning
methods can help in the analysis of the
crystal structures by identifying
patterns and anomalies that will
indicate change in the environmental
condition therefore this approach can be
an important role for further
understanding of the potential
habitability of Mars and possibility of
extraterrestrial life
autonomous River has been equipped with
high Advanced artificial intelligence
and communication capabilities
leverage 2.1 gigahertz frequency via
Army directional Direction at Mass these
cutting-edge features are integrated
within the robot to enable it to
function autonomously and communicate
seamlessly with other devices or systems
within the range of operation it
utilizes a combination of GPS and
continuous 3D Point Cloud mapping to
achieve independent navigation towards
the destinated waypoints in Dynamic and
unknown environments the point Cloud
mapping algorithm enables the robot to
determine its position in relation to
its surrounding in tandem with GPS
coordinates providing a systematic
approach to its movement the robust
motion is continuously monitored and
controlled in real time through data
collected from depth sensing stereo
cameras the values from the odometry is
processed using Ros to regulate the
lower speed and direction based on GPS
coordinates and stereo camera input
whereas the LED strips are used to
indicate a feedback of the Global
successful education also incorporation
of an interactive display within the
Rover contribution to enhancing the
level of interaction between the Rover
and the astronaut relevancy Futures are
Incorporated to provide backup
mechanisms that can take over in case of
failure a malfunctioning of critical
components redundant systems such as the
ability to activate a return to home
mode in the event of communications
class
provide notifications to the operator if
the vehicle becomes immobilized in
challenging time
and have the capability to dynamically
configure Motor Performance in the event
of motor failure with other Motors
moreover following the analysis of
geological data and ideal evolution of
various elements and life forms machine
learning algorithms are employed to
scrutinize the data and identify
locations that have a greater chance of
containing fascinating geological
formation source of water or indication
of microbial life these areas are then
automatically identified on a mark
creating a heat map that serves as a
foundation for future like personal
solution in order to enhance the
infraction on the enjoyment of the
process we are currently in the process
of developing method that will allow the
Rover to control using VR technology
this will enable gesture control to be
implemented into our system and
transform the Rover into a fully
adaptive vehicle thereby providing us
with the necessary confidence to explore
outer space all the advanced artificial
intelligence and the communication
capabilities made possible throughout
the high speed processing power of
Judson azx orange this powerful platform
enables a Rover to control and process
data in real time making it a valuable
tool for exploring understanding the
mystery of outer space
