we the team arastra from sairam
institutions Chennai joined together and
accepted the challenge to change the way
roversar by designing a robot that can
explore outer space like Mars our team's
hard work and dedication in designing
autonomous Rover is a short way of with
dedicated mentors and the properly
classified subsystems we are able to
make our Dream Come True project and
Astra autonomous Rover is a
well-designed and Company constructed
vehicle that consists a range of
specialized components to facilitate
manipulation and movements
for this robot we have designed the
chases considering basic Global load
cases it is made in space frame
configuration using aluminum extrusions
and composite panels This framer
provides High structural Integrity
without external panels being stressed
the optimized geometry and well
distributed system which help us to
achieve a static stability factor of 1.3
the rocker bike system enables our Rover
to transfer the challenging terrain and
mass pities we ensure a robust
construction by using carbon fiber tubes
and measured aluminum pots the
differential driver system provides a
simple and effective control for Rover
movements enabling a Rover to turn and
manual smoothly even in tight spaces we
have designed and manufacture
specialized TPU Wheels to tackle hot
martial rocks also providing additional
passive dampage Additionally the concave
shapes and electric soft tires
contribute to additional traction and
drivability the result of all new
electrical systems using custom PCB
another custom transmitters to interfere
with the robotic arm a significant
accomplishment
we opted for stm32 controllers as these
controllers are known for their
reliability the use of Stress Control
Motion in the robotic arm which enable
us to perform delicate operations
accurately science teams are a great
mission in areas such to find the
possibility Marshall soil we tried many
sensors and chemicals to design our own
individual system to find the
possibility up to 12 soil samples can be
collected by the vacuum pump and subject
to an inheritant test to deduct the
presence of amines and amino acid with
the help of computer vision
centers to measure nitrate phosphorus
and potassium with pH levels in the soil
is to check whether the soil has
potential for life is also integrated
within our system
to get a better look at result we are
using close-up imager to take detailed
pictures of rocks up to close with sub
millimeter resolutions by analyzing the
crystal structures it is possible to
determine even planetary level and any
changes that has previously happened
machine learning methods can help in the
analysis of the crystal structures by
identifying patterns and anomalies that
may indicate change in the environmental
condition
autonomous River has been equipped with
high Advanced artificial intelligence
and communication
which liquidates 2.1 gigahertz frequency
via Army Direction and direction at Mass
it utilizes a combination of GPS and
continuous 3D Point Cloud mapping to
achieve independent navigation towards
the destinated waypoints in Dynamic and
unknown environments the point Cloud
mapping algorithm enables the robot to
determine its position in relation to
its surrounding in tandem with GPS
coordinates providing a systematic
approach to its movement
the robust motion is continuously
monitored and controlled in real time
through data collected from depth
sensing stereo cameras the values from
the odometry is processed using Ross to
regulate the lower speed and direction
based on GPS coordinates and stereo
camera input
operators to know the right
and control issues also the
incorporation of an interactive display
within the Rover contributes to
enhancing the level of interaction
between the Rover and the astronaut
redundant systems such as the ability to
activate a return to home mode in the
event of communications last provide
notifications to the operator if the
vehicle becomes immobilized in
challenging time and have the capability
to dynamically reconfigure Motor
Performance in the event of motor
failure with other Motors moreover
following the analysis of geological
data and identification of various
elements and life forms machine learning
algorithms are employed to scrutinize
the data and identify locations that
have a greater chance of containing
fascinating geological formation source
of water or indication of microbial life
these areas are then automatically
identified on a mark creating a heat map
that serves as a foundation for future
exposure Vision we are currently in the
process of developing method that will
allow the Rover to control using VR
technology this will enable gesture
control to be implemented into our
system and transform the Rover into a
fully adaptive vehicle thereby providing
us with the necessary confidence to
explore outer space all the advanced
artificial intelligence and
communication capabilities made possible
throughout the high speed processing
power of Junction azx orange this
powerful platform enables a Rover to
control and process data in real time
making it a valuable tool for exploring
understanding the mystery of outer space
