we are eighty-eight spaces than steam
from Krakow Poland consisting of over 20
members with broad engineering and
scientific backgrounds today we present
to you , the rover we have been working
on for the last one a half years the
suspension is a simplified four wheels
rocker-bogie design made of aluminum
alloys and steel each of the rover's
wheels is able to turn independently
allowing for agile and precise traversal
the main drive motors are hidden inside
the wheels which protects them from the
damage when moving through rough terrain
we make extensive use of 3d printing
technology the tires are fully printed
out of elastic material the hexagonal
internal structure allowed us to create
a tire has all the properties needed in
the desert electronic cases are also
printed to reduce weight the manipulator
has a 5 degrees of freedom structure
with two of the most loaded joints
driven by linear electric actuators
providing satisfactory stiffness even
add loads up to 5 kilograms every joint
position is monitored by potentiometers
and controls using inverse kinematics
all the cabling is done through
connectors and the manipulators can
easily be removed for the time it's not
in use parts exposed to high levels of
stress were tracked using Fe M methods
to ensure their durability the whole
electronic system was designed from
scratch
based on stm32 architecture and canvas a
proven and reliable solution using
automotive industry it's modular
structure allows for parallel
development as well as easy expansion
with additional subsystems every module
is carefully protected against
overloading voltage spikes and
overheating the master module is
responsible for communication between
the main computer and the controller
network to most crucial modules during
the mission drive motor and arm
controllers are also redundantly
connected by rs-485 bus in the unlikely
event of cannabis whether the individual
functionality blocks such as motor
controllers are unified for the sake of
easy development and repairs and the
communication between our rubber and
ground station is provided using 868
megahertz
camera feed is done using 5.8 gigahertz
analog transmission development of a
self-sufficient navigation system takes
time that is why we have created a
simulation providing own sensory data
and allowing us to develop the
autonomous control software while the
Rovers construction was still in its
early stages a hardware in the loop
simulation gave us insight into final
system performance the NVIDIA jetsam tx1
and TK 1 provide more than sufficient
computing power to process all of the
sensory data using the humble GPUs we
have built by powerful genetic
pathfinding algorithm able to guide the
rover through difficult terrain based on
a map created using lidar technology
the GPUs also power stereo vision one of
the most accurate data sources were used
for odometry all that in real-time
ground station software is crucial for
communicating with the rover and remote
control each of the applications layouts
was tailored to fit specific needs of
team members allowing the operators to
focus completely on the task at hand our
Rovers onboard laboratory is fitted with
sensors which measure soil humidity and
temperature as well as carbon monoxide
and methane concentration the three
module is able to reach depth of 20
centimeters collecting sample from a
desired range moving material into a
syllable container then a probe is
lowered into the hole providing
information about the site a custom
spectrometer allows us to determine many
suitable chemical components of the
sample trip and drop test kits as well
as external sensors give us quantitative
analysis of the solution we use the
microscope and simple reagents to
analyze the integral part of the sample
our main method of life detection is the
use of acridine orange which merged with
RNA and DNA illuminates with certain
colours when put under UV light
we can see that using a high
magnification microscope we also use
ninhydrin to detect the presence of
amino acids
this project is possible thanks to huge
support from our University the Ministry
of Higher Education and private sponsors
the team has already secured all the
funds needed to participate in the
finals we strongly believe that we are
ready to compete with the best teams on
the Mars desert Research Station
