we are aj space systems from krakow
poland our team consists of 23 students
from various fields from mechanics to
geology
a rogue karma is a product of five years
of development and learning
one of its unique features is high
modularity which allows us to build test
and integrate entire subsystems without
suspending the rover's operability the
rover suspension is a rocker design made
of aluminium alloys and composite
materials
each wheel can be independently steered
which allows us to control the rovers
very precisely
including rotating in place driving in
arcs sideways and diagonally the wheels
were printed from tpu which provides
them along with their honeycomb
structure with properties perfect for
rough terrain
the new 6 degrees of freedom manipulator
features harmonic gears bldc motors and
a decentralized control system ik
algorithms greatly speed up its
operation
the new more ergonomical and powerful
robotic reaper is in an advanced stage
of development
the previously used proven in battle
5dof arm is still being maintained and
improved
and can be easily leveraged in case the
new arm fails
the rover and arm can be controlled at
the same time with two standard gamepads
independently controlled turning points
oil asked to quickly reposition entire
rover to reach different elements on the
servicing panel the team has prepared a
mock-up panel where operators are timed
on completing a series of tasks such as
placing objects in a drawer or typing on
a keyboard it also allows us to
fine-tune the position of cameras used
during these tasks
a 3d printed rack system allows us to
instantly replace batteries and easily
monitor their condition
similar mountings for pcbs make the most
crucial electronic boards easily
accessible and improves heat management
each pcb has its own backup tested and
ready to be mounted in case of an
emergency the rover has been fitted with
an easily accessible red emergency
button which physically breaks
connections to the batteries completely
and instantly shutting off power
the new ground station application makes
it possible to control each
functionality of the rover visualize its
states and instantly change between
various driving modes making ground
station as a web app allows us to run it
on almost every device and drastically
increases speed of development
our autonomous system is based on ros
packages that were adjusted and modified
to outdoor environments we test the
autonomous traversal in a variety of
difficult real-life environments to make
sure that our system works irrespective
of terrain type or weather and lighting
conditions we also make extensive use of
gazebo simulations
a continuous integration system
significantly speeds up development by
reporting most bugs before the software
is deployed on durable
the localization algorithm is based on
imu and gps rtk which ensures up to five
centimeter accuracy
data from the sensors is then merged by
extended kalman filter
for mapping purposes we use an ir based
stereo camera to generate a slow
sensitive cost map
fast and robust computer vision
algorithms are used for detecting and
localizing arugula
during science tasks soy samples are
collected with dedicated scoop and
defector and placed in sea level
containers
the army movement is automated in order
to save time
soil solution is then prepared and
exposed to a series of chemical tests
which can detect the presence of various
biomarkers
a wide angle panorama of the sampling
site is easily captured thanks to the
rover's ability to turn in place
for inspecting rock sandals an ultra
zoom camera is mounted on the gripper
both camera and the onboard lab are
easily detachable to save mass during
other missions
all of the rover's subsystems have been
thoroughly tested before integration
while regular test drives allow
operators to perfect their skills well
before finals in utah
each year we take part in numerous
science fairs and organize a scientific
conference on space mining
last all we also organized our own
two-day workshop on roles for
underground students
none of this would be possible without
support from our university ministry of
education and science and private
sponsors
thank you see you in space
