hi-yah agh space systems from krakow
poland our team consists of 22 members
from various fields of study from
mechanics biology today would like to
present the project that we have been
working on for the past four years the
plan to overcome the Roper suspension is
a rocker design made of aluminum alloys
and composite materials the main drag
motors are hidden inside the wheels
which protect them from damage each will
can be independently state which allows
us to control the rover burn precisely
including rotating in place driving in
art slide waste and the analogy we rely
heavily on 3d printing technology in
composite materials which allows us to
reduce weight while preserving
durability most notably the wheels were
printed from TPU
which provide them along with the
honeycomb structure with properties
perfect for rough terrain the new power
system allows us to instantly replace
battery and monitor the condition
similary a 3d printed rack system has
been installed to make the most crucial
economic boards easily accessible and
improve heat management each PCB has its
own backup tested and ready to be cooked
mounted in case of an emergency the
rover has been fitted with an easily
accessible retina dress pattern which
physically breaks the connection to the
batteries completely and instantly
shutting off power
the arm is capable of lifting weights of
refractor grams as well as very small
tools and objects independently
controlled turning wheels allow us to
quickly reposition the entire rubber to
reach different elements on the
servicing panel
[Music]
[Music]
the team has prepared a mocha Pal where
operators are timed on completing a
series of tasks such as placing objects
in a drawer or typing on a keyboard it
also allows us to fine-tune the
positions of cameras used during these
tasks the rover and arm can be
controlled at the same time with the two
standard game controllers both the
control scheme and base station app have
been tailored to suit operator's needs
and let them focus exclusively on the
given task a different driving modes can
be accessed to a single push of a button
our autonomous system is based on Ross
packages done modified and adjusted to
outdoor environments the localization
system is based on GPS I am you as well
as visual and wheel odometry
data from the sensors is the murdered by
extended Kalman filter for mapping
purposes who use an IR based stereo
camera we test the autonomous traversal
in a variety of difficult real-life
environments to make sure that our
system works irrespective of terrain
type or weather and lighting conditions
and you know like neural network as well
as a ross package are used for a Tartar
detection and proved to be accurate on
distances of over 12 meters we also make
extensive use of gazebo simulations a
continuous integration system
significantly speed stop development by
reporting most bugs before the software
is deployed on the robot during science
tests soil samples are collected with a
dedicated scoop and a vector and placed
in sealable containers the arm movement
is automated in order to save time so a
solution is then prepared and exposed to
a series of chemical tests which can
detect the presence of various
bio-markers a wide-angle panorama of the
sampling site is easily captured thanks
to the reversed ability to turn in place
[Music]
all our subsistence were fully tested to
ensure robustness and optimal
performance after confirming that all
modules are operational the rubber has
undergone a series of end-to-end tests
to ensure a readiness for tough desert
conditions beside engineering our team
had refocus on educational outreach and
inspiring future generations to pursue
their passion for science and technology
now this would be possible with hard
work and dedication of our team members
as well as support for University
Ministry of higher education and
practice sponsors thank you saving space
