[Music]
hello everyone we are aib robotic crew
welcome to the system exceptions review
of urc 2022 this is our over cyan
since 2016 we have been successfully
participating in the university robot
challenge this year a total of 15 team
members are working in different teams
such as electrical mechanical and
software to make our robot from scratch
maintaining safety during this pandemic
we are very glad to let you know that
our rover is made by following all the
guidelines provided by urc2022
and in this video we will be
demonstrating a few basic operations of
the rover
chases of the four wheel rover has been
made compact to maintain balance and
absorb high impact the octagonal box
shaped chases can house all the
necessary components in modular form the
design was made by the cad designing
software and simulated before building
the prototype
custom made springs are used in each
individual wheelbase to stabilize the
rover each wheel can be moved
individually and are supported by three
individual bars the wheels tires and
motor shaft can withstand enormous
amount of torque provided by the motors
the design of the robotic arm includes
six degrees of freedom and the arm is
divided into four parts base shoulder
elbow joint and wrist joint and infinite
rotation of 360 degree makes it easier
for the claw and arm to manage
complicated tasks such as flipping
switches push buttons
opening door knobs typing keyboard more
precisely it uses two fingers to grip
the object and it can easily lift 5 kgs
for equipment servicing mission we have
been testing and improving our hand
design to complete all the mission tasks
all circuits were designed and
fabricated using pcb designing softwares
the main objective of electrical team
was to make the body more compatible and
compact the electrical system has been
made modular and can be replaced within
a few minutes 24 volt lithium polymer
batteries are used as power source every
input has been protected by protection
circuits led indicators has been used to
indicate various states of operation a
kill switch has been installed with the
main power supply to shut down all the
operations immediately in case of
emergency
this year for the purpose of
communication a nano station titled
rocket m2 was used to build an access
point at the base station and a 2.4
gigahertz omnidirectional antenna
connected to a bullet m2 at the rover
was used to receive the signal
transmitted from the access point the
system can flawlessly connect with each
other within the range of five kilometer
for the autonomous navigation gy271
compass and gy neo 6mb2 gps module was
used to navigate different gps
coordinates the rover navigates itself
to three designated coordinates where
the final point is considered as the
area where the arco tags can be found rp
lidar a1 sensor was used to detect and
avoid obstacles on the rover's
travel cell path
a distinctive image processing algorithm
was built using opencv to detect
arrogance with utmost precision and
distance scaling between the rover and
the tags
following the algorithm the integrated
camera can successfully detect arc
attacks and measure distance within a
range of 10 to 15 meters
the camera used for the detection
operation were calibrated manually by
another algorithm developed by that
software team which used a charcoal
board consists of 40 blocks of four
square centimeter images the data found
from the detection process are then
processed by the main system which
configures the motors to be driven by
themselves
for the science mission to find the
presence of extinct extent and no life
in the soil and rock samples we have
designed our science box for the soil
grabbing system we have used drilling
mechanism
in the science caching system we have
detected biomolecules by chemical tests
a custom-made spectrophotometer has been
used to extract the data from the given
sample a data set of 2000 plus images
was created of eight different rock
samples and then a cnn model was
developed using mobile net v2 obtaining
transfer learning with 99.6 train
accuracy and 84.3 percent test accuracy
in the upcoming days we are planning to
rigorously test the rover for final
challenges we also have demonstrated our
work in different platforms and plan to
share our story to the younger
generations to grow more interest with
warm wishes to all other teams and the
university officials we want to thank
you for watching our video
