[Music]
I myself am the gambler some think if
you know favorite April 22 you a
variable object or aims to their of the
river by adding new features that will
deliver your service we are divided a
team to 11 members for whirring
electrical science mechanical and
software all team members have worked
hard to develop an exhibit in the world
and we are really proud to present our
rover for us initially each part of the
rover's design and simulation was
updated from previous era solid work to
make the rover more efficient this year
the drive system features six will
rocker-bogie suspension system that
provides traversal over the extremely
uneven surfaces it's primarily advantage
is its obstacle climbing capability over
big rocks
we have rigorously tested our over under
extreme conditions such as slopes steeps
ignition and teachers the six degrees of
freedom articulated robotic manipulator
controlled by three actuators which
helps in both quick and precise movement
since e-learning has been used to shape
the rover as well as its hand in its
optimal form our Rover fits perfectly in
1.2 cubic meter box as required for the
competition this year the claw has been
upgraded from three fingers to two
fingers so that it can have a good grip
and can pick heavy objects easily while
conducting different tasks our Rover can
easily move in places with final control
and have less strain on itself due to
its six degree of freedom manipulator
moreover our Rover can push buttons with
ease and can turn the switches on and
off it can also hold objects of any
shapes and sizes and can lift loads up
to ten cages with the help of its claw
our Rover has the ability to undo
latches
it can also type on keyboard for this
we're using a handmade string actuator
and a laser pointer which is aligned
with it so that our Rover can press the
keyboard with more precision
[Music]
in addition our Rover has a hex driver a
test with his claw which can be
controlled promptly by the operator all
these features make our Rover unique and
perfect for all the tasks of viewers a
twenty20 this year we have also created
a whole new electrical system that is
more reliable and detachable it will be
able to conduct higher turns we
protected against surges and the heat
will be dissipated from the system more
effectively to anuses are used instead
of one to increase the reliability for
controlling the rover as well as taking
a say camera feed we have also focused
on creating a custom-made PC board to
protect the rover from over-voltage a
short circuit for emergency we have used
MCB
FQ switch and for excessive images fuses
have been used into the DC and new rules
science team focuses on detection of
extent 18 and no life last year dealing
mechanisms inside the science caching
system for who is Hugh's vibration occur
and our chemical is peeled but this year
science caching system is compact an
auger is Southside the science caching
system and transported to the top of the
rover using an actuator the testing
systems contents are rotating soil
collector the collected sample is mixed
with water and chemicals a
spectrophotometer has been used to
extract the exit data from the given
sample and to analyze the rock minerals
composition from the rock the team also
research for several environmental
aspects that affects the soil
habitability temperature and moisture
atmospheric analysis has been conducted
by using several sensors such as gas and
pH sensor 2.4 gigahertz omnidirectional
antenna is used for communication
between the base station and the robot
with 20 megahertz channels the system is
capable of communicate within a two
kilometre radius socket programming is
used for passing the commands and IP
cameras are used for video feed CCR
software team have focused on developing
an algorithm for autonomous traversal
image processing and computer vision
algorithm have been used for airtec
detection and obstacle detection in our
OS our Rover can able to detect a attack
by using camera from 5 meter distance
robotics GPS distance from coordinate as
input from the busy station during an
autonomous traversal and robot confuses
assigned tasks with the help of GPS
compass and light a sensor will also
have used LED negatives
[Music]
thank you for watching good luck to all
other things
