[Music]
oddish
underrated Electrical and Electronics
Engineering in strength and we also have
constant from Department of Computer
Engineering and one is trained from
development of computer science and
engineering together we have found it in
that case the hopes and dreams of
thousands of displaced from our
university our domestics mechanical
universe led by a shorter for electrical
and software team members under me and
for sciences q member and asada Musa
Dagh maybe revert if you have been
privileged to be a part of university
over the past three years as we did in
this images are instant almost adaptive
and modifying their over design with
some of the expense that the competition
site the rocker design has evolved in
every year I personally am grateful for
this rich and complex engineering
experience in my life
they are they embarked on this huge
journey with an outreach program for
high school students on robotics and you
are see this event marked startup our
technical operations from the rover
design on SolidWorks to the members of
the mechanical team acquiring materials
and components building and assembling
the rover body the design schematic on
SolidWorks was construct
to select a modified rocker-bogie type
as the final Rover design
the simulated outcomes were tested
multiple times with regards to speed and
stability provided by the rover
structure the rover's tolerance and
response to rough terrains has provided
incredible results which highlights its
capabilities for extreme terrain
traversing the body of the rover
exhibits a sturdy build with its
lightweight aluminum base paired with a
proper center of gravity which is closer
to the ground in order to prevent the
rover from toppling the body houses all
its electrical circuitry in a
transparent compartment the setup is
designed so that the battery and the
power distribution boards are protected
from overeating by separating them into
two layers inside the compartment with
heat proof fire resistant materials the
rocker-bogie suspension system uses six
legs which maintains contact with the
ground at all times during rover
movement followed by the traction from
wheels which allows for the rover to
manipulate through steep inclines on
rocky and sandy surfaces the testing
also challenged the rover's ability to
climb and tilt adapt shocks and bumps on
uneven ground while maintaining its
momentum as demonstrated the rover has
been able to maneuver over and around
increasingly rough terrains maintaining
its axis of movement
[Music]
you
[Music]
the design of the arm of the rover
allows for six degrees of maneuvering
space while the wrist is capable of 180
degrees of rotation the wrist paired
with the gripper can lift up to about 8
kgs of load to prepare the arm wrist and
gripper for the extreme retrieval and
delivery and equipment servicing tasks
the flexibility and response of each
components were put to test by letting
the rover perform tasks such as fetching
tools and placing them on a surface
turning valves and knobs lifting weights
operating switchboard and opening doors
[Music]
the software system onboard the rover
uses PI as the main server to receive
commands and send continuous video
feedback to the base station for
autonomous traversal the rover is able
to read GPS coordinates as input and
processes images and color to navigate
this year science plan uses temperature
moisture UV and gas sensors in order to
conduct onboard analyzes of soil the
sensors take analog readings directly
from the soil and passes it to the
communication system on the rover which
is transmitted to the base station where
the data is collected
after the infusion of the soil heating
system the relevant tests for detecting
microbial activity were performed which
included detection of organic matter in
soil pH levels of NPK and sulfur with
the help of a portable spectrophotometer
[Music]
you
