[Music]
hello my name is Paloma Jacques and I am
the technical coordinator of team agro
first of all we extend designing and
simulation part of preparations all of
the mechanical parts of the rover we're
at first made at the prototypes from
formed PCV plywood MDF plates and 3d
printed parts faculty of mechanical
engineering also granted us full access
to all premises and equipment such as
water jet machine CNC machines lathers
milling machines 3d printers or laser
cutters the faculty provided us with our
lab where we can work for 24 hours seven
days a week we assumed construction that
could overcome 16 degrees incline slopes
and 1 meter high drops with almost
vertical walls to achieve this goal we
design and develop our own made
rocker-bogie likes inspection system
during tests we manufacture several
generations of the prototype of it
thanks to these we are able to check our
every configuration between Swingle and
the frame during robotic arm design
stage we were evaluating different
styles and options of the driving joints
and use materials we also decided to
develop two vibrators one main robotic
arm and the second specialized to
science cage task the mind manipulator
is equipped with our designer sequencer
drive each design is a self a closed
package capable of supporting the entire
weight of the robotic arm and in spite
of with no additional external bearings
require to improve the maneuverability
of the end effector and reduce the time
that is necessary for a process of
manipulation during competition tasks we
introduce
pitch roll and a joke a pyro wrist at
the end of the arm
the Mahina sweet self consists of metal
bevel gears as a differential and to
several machines powering it depending
on the combination of the server's
working we can move the pitch up and
down or row it the second manipulator
that will be used during science cage
tasks is similar to the mini accelerator
we are also going to use our metal in
our activators in order to provide a
much needed feedback for teller operator
we create a real-time manipulator
visualization by gathering the
information from each joint via the
absolute encoders we are able to
visualize the manipulator on the
computer screen the application itself
is written in C harsh language using
OpenGL library it will also work
together with inverse kinematics
algorithms that provide alt enormous
movement of the end effector
moreover additional tabs designed for
each task theoretically cut time that
the operator spends to change
configurations during field tasks it
also gives us access to view from one of
even up to six cameras electronics of
our over are divided in the following
model our system communication between
models is realized via canvas each motor
has a driver board that controls the
speed position temperature allowed
through PID control sensors have their
own controllers that collect and process
the data the required form all data is
saved in the main controller which each
turn calculates the motion of the robot
and sends out control signals the main
controller communicates with a base
station through a redundant reader
connection a 433 megahertz radio modem
and 2.4 gigahertz Wi-Fi connection based
network right now we achieve even 1,400
meters of the operating range in the
crowded city the autonomous drive system
is connected to the main module via LAN
network and it is based on Nvidia Jetson
tx2 board this computer is the perfect
choice for image analysis and parallel
cut
during autonomous traversal tasks the
autonomous system used GPS module IP
cameras and video recognition algorithm
steer camera technique and 3d laser scan
to find obstacles and markers right now
we are able to precisely locate the
markers that are within five meters
radius and the obstacles in three meters
radius from the robot we plan to examine
science site in search for possible life
indicators collected samples will be
examined for possible residues of past
and present life forms with an emphasis
on amino acid building blocks of
proteins
[Music]
see you soon during qrc 2018
[Music]
