this year algorithm Java is the most
advanced robot we have ever made we
focused on inland define and fixing the
previous mistakes as well as further
improving and developing our best
systems to make it possible our members
give the best making sure we are ready
to compete in the USC the rocker-bogie
suspension system makes it possible for
the rover twisting inclines of over 30
degrees and traverse difficult terrain
[Music]
for this year's competition we've
designed a completely new mobility
subsystem with four swivel wheels able
to rotate for 360 degrees we've already
completed testing the prototype and
began manufacturing the final product
the rover arms has six degrees of
freedom
and utilizes inverse kinematics to
optimize its movements it can lift
objects weighing over five kilograms as
well as perform precise movements
required to complete the equipment
servicing mission furthermore it can be
equipped with two different grippers
based on the upcoming tasks it gives us
more flexibility and adaptability and
sure we are using the best possible
configuration the rover is powered with
a custom medley human phosphate battery
pack hooked up to a custom-made PCB
which handles power distribution and is
equipped with an external kill switch in
case of emergency
this year our electron sub team members
have found themselves contributing to
some of the biggest changes in the rover
design they designed and created several
new PCBs at in terms of new functions to
the robot and making servicing and
troubleshooting much easier
one of the new features are the PID
controllers used to control the wheels
the custom-made control station gives
the operators access to real-time feeds
from seven different cameras mounted on
the rover it is the operator in grasping
the situation which along with
personalized graphical user interface
makes controlling the rover more
intuitive the software it uses was made
from scratch by our programmers using
C++ and Python to compete in the
autonomous navigation mission we have
developed a completely new autonomous
navigation system Rover uses its onboard
cameras to look for i/o talks and after
finding and recognizing the pattern it
executes the assigned algorithm the
status of the task is signalized by a
corresponding LED while moving towards
Democritus constantly monitoring its API
on angles and correct the path when they
approach set thresholds
[Music]
to handle all the data processing we
have equipped it over with T Nvidia
Jason takes to run in robot operating
system it's a big change from last
year's design and it has heavily
impacted the robots performance
improvement process and speed as well as
making the bargain and troubleshooting
much easier now after building a strong
foundation we are working on
implementing and new solutions to
achieve even better results to excel in
the science tasks and meet this year's
requirements the science team has
created a completely new science module
the system is designed to determine the
presence or absence of life using three
different methods it's made of two parts
the unbought laboratory and the rotary
tool selected lat it is equipped with
three different instruments the first a
portable high quality high resolution
microscope with 500 times magnification
allows us to analyze not only the sample
but also the results of the other tests
the next one is a philip entered soil
collector able to collect and deliver
the sample to the laboratory last but
not least is a set of sensors which
includes temperature sensor soil
moisture sensor in pH sensor they all
together provide valuable data used to
analyze the soil a second part of the
module is the unbought laboratory used
to perform various tests and experiments
in situ to determine the presence of
life the delivered sample is evenly
distributed to separate containers
registered using a pirate test Ireland
tests and protein detection method to
see the Rovers ready to enter the
competition we perform a set of tests
communication was tested by measuring a
signal strength and stability over
various distances and during different
weather we've created software that
analyzes collected data
he gave us important feedback we can use
to find you our equipment we put the
Robert suspension system under major
stress by traversing difficult terrain
making sure it's ready for the UIC harsh
environment on top of that to train
operators we have designed a mock lender
making it possible for them to become
more adept in controlling the rover's
our movements and completing complex
tests require both focus and extra
reading after all the work we've done an
experience we've gained from previous
competitions we are confident we are
ready to participate in USC and taken
teams from all over the one
[Music]
