[Music]
we are our sorrow buttocks the robotics
chapter of Army College of Engineering
India we present you thoroughly our over
for you RC 2019 we are a team of 40
students passionately working towards
building the next Mars rover we are
dedicated to addressing the shortcomings
of our previous attempt at you RC and
meeting the new competition requirements
we have been working on our over the
past year performing research designing
the systems fabricating the chassis and
testing the individual subsystems as
well as the integrated system we have
structured our team into five sub
systems namely mechanical design power
systems science team communication and
software and administration after
considering various geometries we
concluded that the a charm with Kimber
link was best suited for the rigorous
condition of URC
also the Kimber link helps in
withstanding any lateral loads acting on
the wheels
the design was fabricated using 6000
series aluminum to significantly reduce
the weight since the center of gravity
of the vehicle is closer to the front
wheels
a stiffer spring is used in front as
compared to the rear a compact and light
five degree of freedom robotic arm has
been employed to meet the requirements
of the competition for the task of
lifting and carrying objects a
custom-built fourth prong gripper has
been used
we have extensively tested the robotic
arm to meet the intricacies of the
equipment servicing tasks we are using
planetary gear motors operating at high
torque which is well adapted to the
undulating terrain in order for the
rover to meet the demands of the extreme
retrieval and delivery tasks we have
tested its performance in conditions
similar to that of the MDRS
the planetary gate motors are driven by
wiper 35 ampere motor drivers micro
super drivers control the motors used to
rotate the antennas as well as the base
and the rest of the arm release have
been used for controlling the actuators
the rover is powered using a pair of 6s
lithium polymer batteries the voltage
current and temperature of the battery
system is continuously monitored and
sent to the base station in real-time we
have integrated a kill switch in the
rover and base station to cut off power
completely in case of an emergency as
specified in the science machine this
year we have focused on finding extinct
and extant life and also performing the
dust completely onboard the rover we
perform basic tests like temperature and
humidity using sensor SST talent and
soil color test based on the Munsell
color chart the performer co2 test on
the soil sample collected to measure the
change in co2 concentration which can
indicate the presence of aerobic life
the pH and indicators help us identify
suitable conditions for sustaining life
this in conjunction with the
cyanobacteria - we are looking into can
help us draw a conclusion about extinct
and extant life we have designed a
compact system which will fit on both
the rover this system will drill into
the ground retrieve soil and prepare a
soil solution which will be used for
performing the aforementioned tests we
will be analyzing composition of rocks
using image processing we are using
omnidirectional and directional antennas
operating at 2.4 gigahertz the
directional antennas are used for video
streams while the omnidirectional setup
is used for reliable control and
telemetry
including some non Aloise condition an
antenna tracker is being tested for
automatically rotating the directional
antenna as the rover moves
we have used our OS to implement
reliable and simple communication
between the nodes using a publisher
subscriber architecture a live video
stream and telemetry is continuously
related to the base station the sensors
mounted on the rover determine its
current GPS position and the course of
the rover is updated accordingly to
steer it towards the destination using
the hammers
formula from the 3d point cloud
extracted from the canet we to RGB D
sensor any large obstacle is detected
and consequently circumvented we use
computer vision techniques implemented
with open CV to detect the tennis-ball
markers of the task the depth map can be
used for performing simultaneous
localization and mapping in order to
meet the requirements of the autonomous
terrain traversal tasks the Aussie has
brought together a team of enthusiastic
and committed students who oversee
different aspects of this challenge our
strength lies in recruiting people best
suited for a sub task as well as
meticulous planning throughout all the
stages of system development and
allocation of finances inclusive of our
prospective trip to you now see you at
MDRS
you
