Astra a project of uah's space Hardware
Club is proud to present our 2023 Rover
and its ability to climb over rocks lift
heavy objects navigate autonomously
detect signs of life and much more our
team of 40 plus students has worked
tirelessly since our competition in 2022
to improve the Rover's performance
the core Rover module consisting of a
welded aluminum chassis suspension and
drivetrain supports all three Rover
configurations with the newly developed
carbon fiber suspension and inline
drivetrain system the Rover has seen an
increase in traversing performance
the trapezoidal suspension geometry
increases the ground clearance allowing
the Rover to successfully drive over
more hazardous obstacles the drivetrain
system uses neo550 brushless motors
integrated with the 64-1 planetary
gearbox providing each wheel with a
stall torque of 62 newton meters this is
a major increase compared to last year's
system allowing the Rover to drive over
curbs and climb vertical faces
with access to the University's machine
shop our mechanical team was able to
manufacture high quality components such
as our rocker pivot housings gearbox
housings and Chassis members
during the 2022's competition we
identified that the wheels required more
traction to be effective in the
operational Terrain to address this a
larger diameter composite wheel with a
carbon fiber Rim is being developed for
the Rover new wheel design consists of
two carbon fiber discs bonded together
at their centers to create a rim a
compliant tread sleeve printed from TPU
bonds the disc to create the wheel the
wheels integrate to the Rover using a
wheel hub insert that attaches to the
gearboxes a subscale wheel has been
built to prove out the fabrication
processes no issues were identified
during the prototyping phase and where
you're in process of manufacturing
full-scale wheels that will be finished
prior to competition
the arm module consists of the six
degrees of freedom arm housing for
electronics and an independent power
supply
its assembly is composed from carbon
fiber Composites to Titanium Metals
which provides a lightweight but strong
structure that supports lifting and
dragging of loads greater than 5
kilograms the movement is managed by
three linear actuators which control the
extension of the arm and three Servo
Motors that rotate the end effector
using a bevel gear system
this configuration allows the arm to
reach a distance of 1.9 meters and can
grasp objects up to 5.4 centimeters wide
a TPU grip surface on the end effector
allows us to securely grasp objects
critical for equipment servicing tasks
the core Rover sub module is controlled
by an Nvidia Judson Xavier NX the Jetson
hosts the Roth software stack that
handles command and message passing
between the various Rover sub modules
and the base station furthermore the
Jetson is equipped with a Hardware video
encoder that allows her real-time
compression of video streams from the
onboard Rover Chaffee cameras
the arm and biosensor submodules are
each equipped with a Raspberry Pi to
provide Roth integration high level
communication and video stream relaying
capabilities TNT microcontrollers are
used to directly interface with
low-level Hardware on each sub-module
the Rover is equipped with a 2.4
gigahertz Wi-Fi radio that relays
ethernet packets between the base
station and Rover enabling high
bandwidth communication
this year's Rover software augments last
year's Waypoint navigation system by
adding the ability to detect the
presence and location of a Roku tax in a
video stream which will enable the Rover
to search and navigate to and through
them
the biosensor for this year's
competition has been designed to intake
six different soil samples from six
different soil sites the linear actuator
on the front of the module moves the
tubes from the retracted driving
position into their extended down
position once the tube is lined up for
taking in soil the cyclonic separator
and fan system intakes the soil and
dispenses the sample into individual
sample collection tubes
small measuring cup converts to an
imprecise amount of collected sample
into a precise amount by volume there
are 18 sample collection tubes on our
Carousel allowing for three separate
samples from each soil site to be
collected
two of these samples will be
experimented on with both a BCA reagent
and with test strips a third sample will
be collected for potential handoff to
the judges each test tube's lid will be
closed to prevent spilling when handing
off to the judges our internal cameras
view color metric changes for both our
BCA and test strip and we visually
interpret the results to determine which
soil is the most promising to support
life
thank you for your consideration and we
hope to see you in Utah this summer
