hello my name is shelby tolt and i am
the team lead of astra a space hardware
club project presenting our first entry
to urc as a team of 21 students we are
proud to present our 2022 rover and the
culmination of two years of hard work
our rover's power is provided by two
lithium polymer batteries with power
able to be immediately disconnected by
pulling a clearly marked disconnection
key the rover's main computer is an
nvidia jetson xavier nx and a secondary
pcb uses a teensy 4.1 to handle low
level functions
we use ethernet to communicate with
modules mounted to the rover as well as
the communication system we use a 2.4
gigahertz radio for high bandwidth
transmission and a backup 900 megahertz
link for dissimilar redundancy
we have verified communications over a
range of 500 meters in online of site
with testing plans to identify operation
limits
the ability to manufacture custom parts
in-house allowed us to create a
lightweight rocker suspension with
averaging stabilization that provides
mobility for traversing difficult
terrain
unsprung suspension were identified as
prime candidates since they provide
stable and predictable platform for
robot arm operations on uneven terrain
compliant wheels 3d printed from
thermoplastic polyurethane provide shock
absorption for drops and bumps and allow
rapid manufacturing
brushless dc motors with closed loop
control optimize wheel speed and torque
via timing belt reduction
skid steering enables the rover to turn
in place permitting operation in tight
quarters the combination of these
systems allows successful navigation
across steep slopes rocky terrain and
loose sand
five wide angle cameras relay the
rover's operational picture to the base
station
navigation and manipulation feeds are
presented on base station screens to
allow for real-time control
this level of awareness enables rover
operations beyond line of sight
the axis robot arm has a composite
structure of carbon fiber aluminum low
carbon steel stainless steel and
titanium
the lightweight but strong structure
supports lifting and dragging of loads
greater than five kilograms
in order to control the arm we developed
our own inverse kinematic solver it uses
the inverse of the arm's jacobian to
implement resolved rate control which
has a closed form analytical solution
and can be easily mapped to controller
joystick axes
this offers a significant improvement
over typical and position inverse
kinematics allowing intuitive real-time
operation with a game controller instead
of a slow plan and execute control
scheme
the inverse kinematics can be switched
between a 3 degree of freedom and 6
degree of freedom mode on demand
our arm's 6 axes allow us to effectively
operate in many orientations and a slip
ring on the final axis allows continuous
rotation of our gripper flexible 3d
printed grip surfaces allow for easy
manipulation and object retention
a maximum grasping width of 5.4
centimeters and the ability to reach
heights of up to 1.9 meters enables our
rover to complete every equipment
servicing task
our operators are training to
familiarize themselves with tandem
operation of the arm and rover base to
ensure smooth control for the science
mission our onboard lab uses a vacuum
with a cyclonic separator to obtain soil
samples there are three measuring cups
and funnel sections on the bottom of the
cyclonic separator one for each expected
soil site to reduce cross contamination
the measuring cup converts an imprecise
amount of collected sample into a
precise amount by volume the soil is
added to a cuvette where the onboard lab
administers a bisenconic acid
colorimetric test for protein and
monitors for color changes with a camera
the presence of protein indicates extant
life
we have also developed an absorbent
spectrometer for identifying chlorophyll
and a microscope will enable
identification of miniature fossils in
the soil for rock samples several
cameras and a microscope will be used to
visually identify endolyths hypoliths
and fossils by evaluating streaks of
texture and color on the surface of each
specimen
autonomous navigation utilizes the
rover's custom navigation stack to
target and approach gps waypoints the
onboard gps provides readings with an
accuracy of 3 meters meeting competition
guidelines the rover calculates the
target heading using the geographic lip
python package and drives until it
enters the target zone the z2 depth
camera will be used to detect obstacles
in the environment allowing for the
navigation stack to plan around them
development is ongoing to detect ar
attacks in an outdoors environment and
to use depth camera data to populate a
local obstacle map
thank you for your time and we hope to
see you in utah this summer
you
