we are slender Robotics Club at Arizona
State University
our club is separated into five sub
teams each with a different focus for a
rover the software sub team focuses on
the integration of our components with
Ross melodic to ensure seamless
communication between software and
hardware we have designed our rover to
use light art for distance and terrain
estimates camera for detecting the
autonomous traversal mission goals and
for human driver use GPS for velocity
position and orientation calculations
and additional sensors to achieve the
requirements of each new RC mission we
currently have drive capabilities in
addition to GPS lidar camera and AR tag
tracking capabilities we are in the
process of developing testing and
merging more code to bring in more
functionality in the future we will
integrate advanced path planning radio
command functionality and finalize our
control systems the mechanical sub team
is centered around creating a robust
mobile platform for the rover the
aluminum square tubing frame and water
jet cut aluminum legs are lightweight
and can be completely assembled with
simple hand tools on site the
rocker-bogie suspension system enables
the rover to tackle difficult terrain
without the need for complex suspension
mechanisms this system ensures that all
six wheels remain in contact with the
ground at all times the length of the
rocker-bogie system are coupled to the
body through a differential gearbox
allowing the two sides of the drivetrain
to rotate independently of the body
while keeping the body upright this
mechanism is in the process of being
upgraded to a differential bar for the
competition
to eliminate the backlash inherent in a
geared system and create a smoother ride
the chassis utilizes four brushless DC
motors large pneumatic wheels and chain
drive helped isolate these motors from
any potential shocks the base might
receive while crossing uneven ground the
manipulator is a five degree of freedom
armed with powerful geared stepper
motors directly coupled to each joint
although this inherently increases the
weight on each joint and thus the torque
required the direct actuation minimizes
backlash and other extraneous movements
this is imperative for an equipment
servicing mission where precise
manipulation is required while the
powerful steppers will offer large
load-bearing capabilities rated for over
five kilograms for the extreme retrieval
and delivery mission operation of the
arm is soon Xbox one controller allowed
for intuitive control and a compact and
familiar
package currently we have implemented a
purge link control scheme when s input
curve till offer precise low-speed
movements as well as high-speed
traversing moves we are currently
working on a control scheme based on
inverse kinematics of the end effector
making the intended implants from the
operator more natural versus a per joint
control scheme the jaws for a gripper
were designed with a group to maximize
the fingers ability to conform to the
object the two jaws were 3d printed so
we were able to easily add two curves
for increasing contact area with the
gripped object we're in the process of
implementing direct trajectory planning
and collision detection with MATLAB
robotic system toolbox to automate and
simplify complex moves we're also
designing a modulation system to attach
a variety of tool heads to our end
effector our system for the biology
mission will include several mechanisms
to help detect the presence of life a
microscope environment sensors a slow
collection system and a Raman
spectrometer our microscope will be used
to compare collected samples to known
minerals which form only in the presence
of life in addition our microscope will
look for any potential micro fossils
present on the rock samples which could
indicate extinct life our environmental
sensors include UV air temperature and
pressure sensors they will allow us to
compare the environment to the UV
radiation range and liquid presents
necessary for life in order to detect
life which may exist below the soil
surface we will use a soil collection
system which consists of a drill a soil
and a soil holding compartment the
sample can then be analyzed through
Raman spectroscopy using a Raman
spectrometer we will obtain a spectrum
of light that can be compared in an
organic spectral database this will tell
us the molecules that are present in the
sample our Rover is powered by a single
44 volt lithium-ion battery power is
distributed through a panel of circuit
breakers designed to protect components
from unexpected over current conditions
or power instability DC step-down
converter supply regulated voltage to
any components which run on less than 44
volts our drive base is controlled by
two dual channel Robotech brand motor
drivers and the arm is operated with
four stepper drivers networked to an
Arduino do a in NVIDIA Jetson nano acts
as the brain of the rover and it
communicates with the base station via
2.4 gigahertz out
wireless antenna all components are
housed within a well-ventilated
weatherproof case a removable top panel
allows for fast battery swapping and
easy access to all drive based
components a separate housing is being
designed for the arm and all others
modular subtask components we're looking
forward to seeing all of our hard work
pay off at URC see you in Utah
