hello
everyone's Masterwork from Arsenal
University of Science and Technology for
the last six months we have been working
to develop more effective and reward
system for robot with ERC 2023
the whole Rover system was designed by
Oliver software and the whole simulation
system was done by ads software and
before we proceed to the manufacturing
process we did all simulations and all
the 3D designing assumptions and after
the discussion with the electrical team
ads on Science Kid team and Fabrication
team we did the final design of Mars
robot and this this design is
and fully optimized by starting the
center of Mass center of gravity and so
on
[Music]
levels
foreign
arm
[Music]
in the arm to linear equator two stepper
Motors and on server are used to provide
precise motion control and positioning
there are two linear actuators are used
to extend and detect arm while
adjustable motor control the gripper
mechanism the linear actuators and the
stable Motors are highly precise and
repeatable making them ideal for the
precise positioning required for the
mass Revolution
foreign
[Music]
and roll
[Music]
[Music]
we are going to test the soil sample and
prepare the result in two steps first
step we are going to use various types
of sensor to detect and measure the air
and soil properties of the particle time
and finally we are going to test the
soil with chemicals to differentiate the
extinct extent and no life sample
[Music]
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
