[Music]
university rover teams system acceptance
review for the 2022 competition year we
are excited to show off our products and
innovation this year and are proud to
present our 2022 rover neptune
our rover's name came from an elementary
student submission through our engineers
week rover naming contest
with the restraints of copa19 we began
our year with virtual recruitment and
trainings but after successful trainings
and onboarding of over 50 members this
year we focus on the in-person
transition to have a safe groundbreaking
and productive year
our six different sub teams redesigned
the entire river based on extensive
research as well as lessons learned from
the previous year our team capitalized
on binghamton university's state of the
art fabrication lab which includes
things such as
water jet cutting and advanced 3d
printing the chassis was manufactured
in-house to exact specifications to
accurately implement the many finite
element analysis optimized components
wires are managed neatly within the
waterjet cut aluminum members to route
needed cables to each wheel the rocker
bogey design
and enhanced differential bar allows for
improved terrain maneuverability giving
neptune the ability to climb over
obstacles in the utah desert
to further give neptune to climbing
abilities custom tpu 3d printed wheels
provide traction are non-pneumatic and
will soften any impact that will occur
the output of the brushless dc motors is
put
through to our custom made carbon fiber
nylon 3d printed herringbone planetary
gearboxes to allow adequate torque
to support the capabilities of the rover
we designed a robust system that
emphasized custom printed circuit boards
and standardized parts all finalized
pcbs will check to ensure the
appropriate voltages and signals can be
found on each pin all subsystems are
controlled by a teensy 4.1
microcontroller that receives controlled
area network or can bus
packets from the central raspberry pi 4.
for standardization all custom pcbs use
jst xh and molex minifit jr connectors
allowing for a fluent transition between
the human robot environment interaction
and environmental analysis system
complete the extreme retrieval and
delivery mission and the equipment
servicing mission the hrei team designed
a six degree of freedom arm this arm
contains aluminum r bands that were
optimized using finite element analysis
to yield a high strength weight ratio
the arm's joints are driven by nema 23
stepper motors three of which are
coupled to custom designed planetary
gearboxes that use herringbone style
gears these gearboxes are 3d printed
with engineering-grade nylon material
that is mixed with carbon fiber strands
this year the hrei team also chose to
use timing belts to drive the joints as
this allows the team to strategically
place the motors to create a lower
center of gravity
resulting in a more stable design
utilizing timing belts also allows the
team to use one of our stepper motors as
a cantilever for the upper armbands
which significantly reduces the gear
ratios required to move our elbow joint
the arm is also equipped with our
parallelogram fingertip gripper which
was designed to keep the fingertips
perpendicular to impending objects to
increase grip strength this gripper also
contains a 5 16 inch hex key which
allows us to easily manipulate switches
and buttons and interact with keyboards
and screws to improve the operating
experience and maximize our remote
control capability the software team
completely overhauled systems from
previous years
the base station uses glfw and
minimalistic gui framework nanogui to
create a responsive and engaging user
experience
our design maximizes runtime flexibility
and does not rely on constant system
configurations sensor gauges video
streams and other tasks
widgets are contained in modular windows
allowing users to customize and adapt
the layout without editing any code
the new network library uses features
like vectored i o to reduce latency and
required bandwidth a noticeable
improvement from last year's design
the rover and base station communication
system handles environments with low
bandwidth or high packet loss
environmental analysis team work to
implement proper testing methods to
distinguish between extant existent and
extent life
after the augur has collected and
dispensed the dirt samples the test and
suite is lowered for testing to begin
for our first test uses co2 and ph
sensors to determine their respective
levels every red test and lipid test
strips are used to detect proteins and
lipid bonds with a changing color
indicating presence in the sample
we also use a methane sensor and a
temperature sensor as well as an osep
sensor which measures temperature
moisture and humidity in the soil we use
peristalsic pumps and silicon tubing to
direct the test and fluids into the
appropriate cutouts below
with a layer of acrylic with a
watertight seal around our science
module
after accumulating results from multiple
tests we can form a conclusion on the
presence or absence of life
to keep preparing for competitions in
utah neptune and our operators will
continue undergoing trainings to ensure
each mission can be completed with ease
and high precision we are excited to
compete in this year's urc and are proud
of how far we've come thank you for your
time and we can't wait to see you in
utah
