[Music]
the Bennington University Rover team
represents a collaboration of a wide
variety of disciplines and interests
together we sought to create a rugged
Rover design people of meeting all
possible competition challenges in Paris
of organization we've utilized
cross-functional teams to ensure
collaboration between varied areas of
expertise we're constantly speaking in
classes and attending events to attract
new students and support this year the
communications team had three main goals
to improve our system performance at
longer ranges to reduce the effects of
noise and to increase the vertical beam
width of the base station antenna in
order to address all these issues we
changed the antenna we were using at the
base station from an omnidirectional
antenna to a sectoral antenna with
higher gain using this new system our
testing has indicated that our system
should be able to work at distances of
over a kilometer meeting our
requirements we the electrical team have
organized their efforts into four main
subsystems power distribution motor
control battery management and safety
since the start of our preparations for
Utah we have designed mounted and tested
PCBs din rail and to improve our
high-level organization modularity our
Rover is powered by three twenty five
point nine volt batteries whose power is
allocated according to each sub team's
needs in five regulated and unregulated
voltages throughout the rover each
regulated voltage is produced by DC to
DC converters which in addition to their
high efficiency and stable outputs have
overload and electrical isolation
features the unregulated voltage
converter towers are six BLDC motors
chose us for their durability
reliability and efficiency to eliminate
the risk of lifetime reduction caused by
battery over discharge we designed a
battery cell measurement hot swap and
shut off system the cell voltages of
each battery are read using battery
management IC and in the case or in
under the discretion of base station
operators the batteries can be hot swap
their shut off one included safety
feature is surge protection implemented
with fuses and breakers for each voltage
level branch of Power Distribution a
fuse or breaker is placed in series in
case of an emergency
a stop switch is placed on the outside
of the rover for immediate and total
shut off the suspension was designed to
maximize stability and reliability while
at the same time remaining within the
constraints of our budget time frame and
manufacturing capability
the rigid frame is constructed using
square tube aluminium held together by
bolts and gusset plates the suspension
is mounted to the chassis at a single
rotational point at its center of
gravity this design allows the rover to
maintain balance while traveling at a 45
degree slope which is also capable of
clearing obstacles up to 1.5 times the
diameter of the wheels in this year's
updated design we've built upon our
original geometry adding explicit
steering and passive damping in
comparison to our original design this
updated suspension allows each wheel to
turn independently of the others
providing the operator with a variety of
options for traversing difficult terrain
the passive damping system utilizes
spring and dampers between independently
moving arms to minimize shock to the
chassis as the vehicle moves we've also
prioritized the ability to quickly
disassemble and replace components
minimizing troubleshooting time and
allowing subsequent design teams to
easily swap out parts of the design that
they want to reuse each test site will
be analyzed for its ability to sustain
life the rover will collect a soil
sample from each site to test for
organic carbon through the use of 3%
hydrogen peroxide soil moisture and pH
data will also be collected along with
atmospheric data including temperature
pressure methane content wind speed and
humidity all the test results would be
analyzed together in order to make a
determination of the likelihood of
whether or not his site will contain
life this year I work on the robotic arm
is focused on solving the competition
tasks the design chosen for the arm is a
three degree of freedom system
consisting of a shoulder elbow and wrist
each driven by its own stepper motor the
gripper design consists of two pads with
a rotating rest allowing it to operate
tools and flip switches this design is
currently being tested in the lab to
verify that it can lift up to 10
kilograms retrieve objects and operate
machinery part of our team is currently
working on an improved design that
consists of three linear actuators this
design is currently being prototype and
will be an efficient alternative by the
time of the competition the RCS
navigation challenge is a difficult
problem due to the low autonomy scores
and last year's competition developing a
robust autonomous navigation system
became a priority for this year's
our solution utilizes a dual lidar
sensor configuration the field lidar
scans for potential obstacles
surrounding the rover while the focus
lidar ensures that the rover is able to
traverse the terrain along a chosen path
the collected sensor data is utilized in
a multi-level path planning system a
high level occupancy grid based
algorithm guides the rover to its goal
while a low level verification system
validates the suggested path and ensures
that it is a traversable our tennis-ball
detection system uses several layers of
filtering and other computer vision
techniques in order to accurately target
tennis balls in a wide variety of
illumination conditions on-site
calibration will be used in order to
fine-tune detection in the desert
environment
