welcome to the Binghamton University
Rover teams system acceptance review
we're excited to show our progress and
innovation this year and are proud to
present a 2020 Rover progression a
rover's name came from a kid submission
through our engine news week Rover
naming contest a team consists of 25
Hydra News subdivided into four
different sub teams mechanical
electrical software and physical task
and analysis also known as PT a
four-hour drive we use the six wheel
triple rocker suspension that creates a
firm balanced base for extremely tough
terrain we use the powerful and
inexpensive embedded motors found in
hover boards to ascend steep slopes
climb over obstacles and move quickly on
flat ground hoverboard wheels alone
would not be sufficient to traverse
uneven terrain so the tires were
extended with custom machined spokes and
sand Trax tires these airless tires act
as shock absorbers further over allowing
it to safely travel over rocky surfaces
large tires along with the center of
gravity below the frame provides a
stable base that is difficult to topple
for the chassis we settled on a design
that provides a highly customizable
frame with ease of repair in mind the
chassis is made of aluminum extrusions
bolted together with custom manufactured
brackets all readily available materials
make these parts easy to manufacture and
replace the electronics are protected by
a lightweight acrylic enclosure to
protect them from the elements and to
easily spot any issues in wiring without
taking it apart our arm has six degrees
of freedom and was based around the
design of an excavator arm due to their
robustness and capability to lift and
carry loads of different mass its limbs
are made of lightweight anodized
aluminum with an extra khemphone coating
that we had machine by proto case the
extra coating protects the arm from
harsh environments and extends its
lifespan the arm moves using the
extension and retraction of a pair of
linear actuators one controlling each
limb the rotation of the arm is handled
by a stepper motor placed 90 degrees
under the chassis that turns a bevel
gear a gear on the arm base catches on
the motor gear to spend the entire arm
the gripper uses three separate motors
to precisely move with three degrees of
freedom the motor controlling the
fingers has a gear that hits a rack and
pinion on each finger to clamp down an
object
they have a rubberized coating to stick
to objects there is also a flexing
element to the fingers to allow for
further tightening on objects the wrist
motor can adjust the angle of the
gripper and align the axis of the hex
key with the axis of the gripper
rotation motor which allows it to spin
the auger will collector and dispense
soil samples into the to testing beakers
on the testing array our sensors are
then lowered into the beakers which are
maneuvered via the rack and pinion
system as they move the dirt sample in
front will have its temperature and
moisture measured while the lagging
beaker is checked for methane emissions
which would indicate extant life the
beakers are then sealed at the stopper
and are treated with water and hydrogen
peroxide respectively as the reaction
between dirt and the hydrogen peroxide
takes place releasing co2 and creating
free hydrogen ions the co2 sensor by the
pump will detect any co2 emissions
indicating extant life if there were no
co2 emissions but a high concentration
of h+ ions in the water mixture this
indicates extinct life finally both
beakers will individually have their pH
taken by a pH sensor at the end of the
array we developed a custom end-to-end
software system in order to maximize
reliability and performance a custom
command interface readily provides the
rover operator with responsive controls
and relevant information about current
Rover status a custom network protocol
allows for ultra-low latency
communication between base station and
Rover endpoints our onboard system was
built to be robust all Rover subsystems
are continually monitored for failure
and connection is automatically
re-established if lost in addition the
drive and arm subsystems utilize safety
timeouts to protect the rover and its
environment our onboard subsystems
communicate using I squared C which
ensures consistent message time in order
to ease the development of autonomy path
planning algorithms a simulator was
created the ability to simulate sensor
input and monitor algorithm behavior in
a contained feedback rich environment
enables a rapid write test debug cycle
our autonomous navigation system
utilizes an occupancy grid and vector
field based approach although waypoints
can be pre-programmed by the operator
the rover is able to detect and avoid
obstacles using an onboard lidar sensor
in addition an accurate GPS module
provides location and heading
information finally an open-source
augmented reality library is used to
detect markers and determine their
distance and offset from the rover our
goals this year were to create a rover
that is modular and rope
just allowing for easier change-outs
between competition missions and the
ability to construct each system
individually allowing for a faster build
process with the rover being more robust
in last year we will be better prepared
for the terrain at the Mars desert
Research Station and competition tasks
since the rover is modular we were able
to test all systems individually before
placing them on the rover on behalf of
the Binghamton University Rover team we
are very excited to compete in the 2020
University Rover challenge we're proud
of how far we've come this year and we
hope to see you in Utah the Binghamton
University Rover team thanks our
sponsors for making all this possible
