foreign
[Music]
Rover teams system acceptance review for
the 2023 competition year we are excited
to show our progress and Innovation this
year and are proud to present our 2023
Rover generosity our Rover's name came
from an elementary student's submission
through our Engineers week Rover naming
contest our six different sub teams
redesigned the Rover based on extensive
research and lessons learned from the
previous years our rocker bogey
suspension system is made from quarter
inch aluminum plate which topology
optimized before being cut on our CNC
water jet before being welded into its
final geometry the wheels you see here
are 3D printed from TPU to provide shock
absorption and allow us to design custom
tread patterns these wheels are mounted
to our planetary gearboxes which provide
a seven to one gear ratio this year we
implemented temperature monitoring in
our gearboxes to prevent us from
overloading our Motors these systems
allow generosity to remain stiff and
Traverse with ease the electrical team
is responsible for getting power and
communication throughout the Rover our
pcbs are custom made designed by us and
then hand soldered each PCB is
specifically designed to meet the needs
of the different sub teams utilizing the
new Teensy 4.1 microcontroller platform
to control individual subsystems our
electrical system can handle more
complex computations and faster
communication
our custom power supply board converts
power from the battery into a 5 volt 5
amp line and a 12 volt 12 amp line for
the rest of the circuitry and the Rover
our electrical system is capable of
monitoring temperature of the battery as
well as the voltage and current of the
battery 12 volt and 5 volt lines to
identify any issues with an additional
focus on safety this year all of our
boards have fuses to prevent damage in
the event of Motors going bad or a
shortage anywhere on the Rover
our e-stop button paired with a battery
fuse shuts off the Rover immediately in
case of problems or battery short
with brand new vesque motor controllers
individually assigned to each Drive
motor our Rover is now easier to control
and functions more fluidly while driving
the hrei team designed a six degree of
Freedom robotic arm capable of
completing the equipment servicing and
the extreme retrieval and delivery
missions this year custom Tech total
gearboxes were designed under CNC
enabling a compact and refined arm the
main body of the arm was created from
Square aluminum Extrusion maximizing the
strength and enabling easy wire routing
the end effector is connected to the arm
by a generative design stainless steel
3D printed bracket and a slipping allows
for continuous 360 degree rotation the
wrist joint utilizes a worm gear and a
custom housing enabling accurate
positioning with minimal weight of the
wrist joint our end effector is a
parallelogram based design with an
integrated hex key for turning the screw
the arm is controlled using inverse
kinematics to allow for easy operator
control environmental analysis team is
tasked with perfectly identifying
extinct or extended traces of life based
on an extreme testing plan the team
created a vacuum system for a sample
collection and developed a test and
Suite consisting of a rotating dirt
Carousel for efficient testing in the
array of sensors for scientific
examination
a microscope with a narrow lens LED lit
Barrel can detect evidence or
physiochemical alterations on the Rock
which are proof of growing bacteria
communities we also use peristoxic pumps
and silicon tubing to direct the
potassium fluids into the appropriate
cutouts below with a layer of acrylic
and more watertight seal around our
science module this year our software
team has made massive strides from years
past our team has two onboard computers
two Raspberry Pi's running python code
the team uses flutter a cross-platform
app framework to create our dashboard
giving many members the capability to
run it from their computers flutter uses
material design which helps us create a
clean user-friendly interface the
dashboard utilizes model view view model
architecture that consists of four main
layers a data layer a layer for the
hardware code a layer for the logic
model and a layer for the UI
for autonomy the Rover determines its
current GPS coordinates and Compass
orientation it uses a 2d grid from a
bird's eye perspective where X is
measured by longitude and Y by latitude
we utilize the a-star algorithm to
create a path from the current position
to a scroll position while taking
obstacles into account when a new
obstacle is found we rerun the algorithm
to generate A New Path
together we created a modular Rover that
showcases our Custom Manufacturing
capabilities and can compete in each
Mission with enhanced user experience
all systems underwent and will continue
to undergo strict testing to ensure all
designs meet our engineering and Mission
requirements followed by full system
testing to ensure full functionality of
our complex designs to keep preparing
for the competitions in Utah generosity
and our operators will continue to
undergo trainings to ensure each
remission can be completed with ease and
high Precision we are excited to compete
in this year's University Rover
Challenge and are proud of how far we've
come thank you very much for your time
and we can't wait to see you in Utah
[Music]
