[Music]
hello and fearo's are the team leader
brocco Mangal three I'm delighted to
welcome you to our this a review of your
say 2020 our team is composed of 40
undergraduate student divided into eight
sub teams these are mechanical design
electronics communication software
science management and publications we
have mainly focused on the iron based
movement this year our newly designed
and implemented an base can rotate 360
degrees with the help of a warm BIA
system we have a modified rocker-bogie
suspension system for handling the
extreme turn we have used a powerful one
gear motor in the wheel which allows us
to climb steep slopes and over obstacles
the custom gripping system we have used
will give extra traction on syllabi
train our stainless is still met jess is
powerful lightweight easily available
and can be changed easily
[Music]
we organized a mock set up for extremely
table for elementary living object like
a screwdrivers pliers and toolbox we
also practiced pulling a toolbox by a
rope laid flat on the ground
[Music]
data flows from and to the base station
using 2.4 gigahertz ubiquitous Akkad m2
paired with a directional antenna the
rover is installed with a beauty bullet
m2 paired with omnidirectional antenna
which ensures data connectivity for
around 1 kilometers 5.8 giggles a PV
system consisting of APB cameras are
used the prime upgrade we are
introducing this year is the easy
installation of circuit box additionally
we have added reverse to our D circuit
protection and for equal power
consumption a centrist power system has
been implemented this year Pakistan is
smooth and ergonomic control of the
rover
a multifunctional joystick is being used
for a smooth PWM control of the wheels a
user-friendly interface has been
developed for easy control of the rover
additionally we are using key mapping
for manipulating the arm and arcing on
the inverse kinematic algorithm the
autonomous task has been accomplished
using an advanced autopilot system
integrated with image processing and
obstacle avoidance and STM based
processor guides the robot to the
assigned waypoints with the help of GPS
compass and accelerometer to detect the
air tags we abused contour detection
homography through open CV obstacles are
avoided with the help of a lighter
sensor additionally three indicator LEDs
has been installed on the robot visible
on the light in order to turn our robot
into an automatic planet analyzer we
have designed the science desk in such a
manner that it can collect environmental
data detect bio signature and water
trace and excavator claw is used to dig
samples at depth of 20 centimeter the
sample is then poured into two separate
funnels one takes the sample and
conducts phosphorus potassium nitrogen
an amino acid test for determining soil
properties and bio signature in the
other a water capillary biomass and
microscopy test is conducted where
employing a sensor box equipped with
various gas sense while sensitivity
sensors for detecting territory
conditions that gives real-time data
through a customized squeeze these 10
have designs at our craft for multiple
sampling
[Music]
for equipment servicing we have made a
damaged set up higher we practiced acts
like pushing toggle switches pulling
jars and pressing keyboards using a two
finger claw
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we have approached several companies for
sponsorship and perform promotional
activities on social media also we have
participated in multiple tech
exhibitions and took robotics workshops
