[Music]
thank you
hello this is team leader breaking
mongolatory from break University it
gives me a nice pleasure to introduce
our latest Rover and to invite you to
participate in the system acceptance
review of USA 2023 our team is made up
of 30 000 and dedicated undergraduate
students who share a passion for
engineering and Technology this year we
have divided ourselves into nine
specialized sub teams each with a
specific Focus such as mechanical 3D
design and simulation Electronics
communication control science management
publication Ai and autonomous and
funding and Outreach
learning from previous experiences we
have adapted and modified hour over
towards the more reliable and state of
the art machine which can complete
exploring any terrain with ease the Asia
ladder shares erases any form of
deformation when it transverses the
heart of the Rover circuits and
electrons is supported and secured over
this Strat further improved stability
and traction is achieved using modified
stainless steel light wheels and thick
rubber gripper to prevent flipping off
the Rover a redesigned extender with
which extends the base area to change
the center of gravity for a stable
descent moreover a 60 degree angular
tilted wheel to frame orientation of the
frame provides more stability in slow
descent to support the asterisk with
equipment servicing and various arduous
experiments a 6 degree of Freedom arm is
used our three finger clock and design
can help with any difficulty also the
excavator clock and the examples of soil
that can be extracted with ease or
underdevelopment adaptive two finger
clock and pick and place objects
precisely for extreme retrieval and
delivery missions we have a modified
rocker buggy mechanism to Traverse Rocky
terrains to combat skating and to
increase traction a custom lightweight
wheel with a strong rubber gripper is
used the suspension system is designed
in such a way that it can endure sudden
fall or vibration the custom extender
helps climbing steep slopes easily
ensuring stability during vertical drops
our robotic arm can precisely lift heavy
objects such as hammers toolboxes
screwdrivers and rope noticeable changes
have been done to the long range
communication system this year we have
shifted to only 5.8 gear system from
previous years 2.4 gear system to
communicate between the base station and
the Rover along with the 5.8 gigahertz
dedicated analog fpv system the
omnidirectional antenna at the Rover
site is paired with an Air Max SC light
rocket router the directional sector
antenna is also of 5.8 gigahertz and
paired with the same model Pue switch
has been installed this year and to get
better area coverage up to 1 kilometer
the sector antenna is moved 360 degrees
with the help of an Azimuth controller
5.8 gigahertz regular fuel system
provides support as a backup surrounding
viewer in terms of need this year's main
upgrade is the custom printed circuit
board which is designed to be accessible
and easy to install thus ensures are
modular and plug and play power system
we are using Saturn motor drivers in the
Rover and have Incorporated over current
and under voltage protection along with
reverse polarity production we also have
a mushroom kill switch to stop the Rover
in case of emergency this year we
improved the stability of our Rover
model and concentrated on smooth and
ergonomic Rover operation Ross has been
fully utilized allowing smooth
communication and better control of our
system a custom midweb GUI Ross node has
been created to facilitate more
intuitive and clean over our Rover
system we have developed a new robust
messaging format that implements error
checking and correction we also included
slow start and stop feature to prevent
enrich current and create friction we
have improved our autonomous navigation
system by using a Json Nano along with
the RDG GPS and a highly calibrated
inclinometer well-tuned PID control has
been implemented for smooth traversal
through waypoints this year we have used
a new and improved customized navigation
algorithm which successfully detects and
passes by error codex which performs
significantly better than our previous
system to detect the air tags opencv
Oracle library has been used we have
also used a depth camera for not only
tracking distance but also for avoiding
obstacles in the Rover's path three
indicator LEDs have been installed on
the outer part of the Rover body to show
the control settings
we have redesigned the science module to
make it more Compact and efficient in
order to turn our Rover into a fully
automated plant and soil analyzer the
science module will accumulate
environmental data detect biosignature
and Trust water an excavator Claw is
used to dig and collect samples from a
depth of 20 centimeters the samples then
go to the downstream straps to perform
starch and amino acid tests vocabulary
and biomass tests are carried out in a
different chamber a sensor box outfitted
with various Gaslight ultraviolet
pressure and other sensitivity sensors
is also used to detect planetary
conditions providing real-time data via
customized GUI to analyze nitrogen
phosphorus and potassium in the soil we
are using our NPK probe with the help of
artificial intelligence we can direct
and classify rocks based on their major
types all of these tests are managed by
custom-made PCB specifically designed
for the size module to achieve the best
results in the equipment servicing test
we simulated tasks on a dummy setup
including pushing or toggling switches
pulling dryers and pressing keyboards
our current system uses the YOLO V5
artificial intelligence model whose
hyper parameters have been part of the
tuned and trained on additional data for
improved mechanical Tool and Equipment
detection we are able to use inverse
kinematics to move our end effector to
any XYZ position and will pitch your
orientation this year after the covet
pandemic we have met several visits to
schools and Technology fairs to spread
the word about robotics amongst the
younger audience to keep the team on
track we have used a canva method on
notion
foreign
[Music]
