we are team interplanetary and
undergraduate student team from
bangladesh university of engineering and
technology we proudly present our new
robot renaissance for university rover
challenge 2022. this year we made a
completely new rover from scratch we
used a four-wheel rocker suspension with
bar differential which is more
lightweight than the six wheel mechanism
the bar differential keeps the rover
body balanced at an average angle
between the two rocker suspension this
minimizes the jerking of the body and
protects the electrical components
inside
our rover easily traverses over extreme
rocket terrain climb steep slopes
withstand vertical drops and drive over
sand dunes hub motor driven wheels was
one of the best innovation this year
planetary gear motor inside the wheel
remain protected while delivering high
torque for traveling extreme terrain
modular design allows for ease of
assembly and disassembly of wheel motor
suspension so if any part is damaged we
can replace them easily we use 12 mm
tube and 2mm shield for our robot body
all the parts are made with laser cut
and electric welding for the design we
get enough space for our electric part
especially the body is fully detachable
from suspension wheel and science tool
we have developed a brand new section of
freedom rover earned upgrading the
design obviously from last year up until
now we have implemented a high degree of
freedom which is enough to complete all
kinds
we have achieved the best rotation using
a dc motor in ip cyclic gear system the
shoulder joint consists of a stepper
motor with planetary gearbox with a
chains pocket having a total of 1 is to
192 torque increment to lift 5 kg easily
the elbow joint works using a linear
actuator the pitch motion is done by 3d
printers per girl with one is to two
ratio whereas the roll motion is
attained by a dc motor connected to the
gripper we have built a completely new
end effector based on the tax of urc and
the experience we gathered from
previously competitions with our new two
clock keeper system we maximize the uses
of space by using one left and right
hand leaf screw motor which drives the
claws by achieving proper gripping force
our end defector can turn off flip a
switch open and close the dryer a 5 cm
diameter handle and push the catch box
into the door our keeper can also undo a
latch tighten the screw pick up and
insert a usb and operating joystick with
ease a solenoidal actuator is attached
with our claw with which we can type on
keyboard with precision our rover can
pick up an object and pull an object
with a rope and place it to a perfect
location for astronaut ease
we have implemented our os connected
custom user interface for both the rover
arm and the science test allowing our
operators to efficiently control the
rover in any situation the electronic
system of the rover is divided into four
separate parts to keep modularity and
upgrade on easily an industry standard
kill switch is implemented and over
current protection is enabled in power
distribution board high current edge
bridge motor driver is used for each
wheel this year we have redesigned arm
control circuit board and science
equipment board and manufactured all
printed circuit boards the arm control
board consists of multiple drivers and
encoders for accurate arm movement this
allows option for autonomous arm control
and inverse kinematics this here we have
set up a 2.4 gigahertz communication
link between rover and base station
using two rocket m2s the base station
uses a 15 dbi 120 degree sector antenna
while a 13 dbi omnidirectional antenna
is mounted on the rover white spatial
coverage of base antenna and high gain
of rover omni antenna ensures non line
of sight communication for a wider area
and distance of more than one kilometer
from base station real sense depth
camera is used for obstacle avoidance
and air tech detection during autonomous
navigation the datsun process 3d point
cloud data from camera fuses it to gps
and imo data for weapon navigation
using point cloud data from depth camera
a cd map of surrounding environment is
generated this is then used to generate
a 2d grid mapper obstacles get marked
with black box that spanning algorithm
uses this map to plan a suitable path
avoiding obstacles which is shown in rbs
window marked in blue detected air tags
get marked on map and camera window
using gps data real-time position of the
rover is shown on map and weapon-based
autonomous navigation is performed
successfully science special will
involve onboard testing of various
biomolecules to assess the efficiency
and presence of organic life in soil and
roxanna's we are going to test for
protein using bread food as a and buret
reagent lipid using sudan 3 reagent and
respective tests for collection
carbonate carbohydrates and nucleic
acids with fluorescence imaging
we will also conduct a highly sensitive
atp test using luciferan which will help
us to detect if there is an extent or
extinct life in a soil sample we will
observe the color changes through a
camera to determine the existence of
organic life we have conducted a dozen
of experiments in the lab to test our
methodologies
to examine rocks we will employ a
digital microscope to look for signs of
fossilized or living microbial
communities we will look for endowed
high polite and microbial colonies on
rock surfaces to see whether there's an
evidence of existing or extinct life
during the onboard testing for the
biomolecules low speed policy will be
strictly followed we have completely
redesigned our soil collection device to
keep it simple and detachable it
consists of three different scoopers for
collecting at least 10 grams of soil
each from different locations preventing
any sort of contamination the scooper
platform will move linearly with the
help of an actuator of 300 millimeter
stroke in order to bring it towards the
mixing chambers and each screw mechanism
has been created on either side using
two stepper motors and five into ten
couplers in a fully retracted position
the scoopers can go up to a height of
200 millimeter from the rubber body the
scoopers will drop the soil into the
chambers through furnace where they will
be mixed with water in proper
proportions using micro water pump
motors which will then pass into the
testing we are very hopeful our trade
results see you at uberc
