Brigham Young University's 2019 Rover
has been reimagined with a unique in
robust design purpose-built to excel at
missions with improved mobility
durability and autonomy our
multidisciplinary team of 40 students
comes from nine engineering and science
disciplines and spent this year focused
on learning and improving from our past
challenges our team has never been more
confident
weighing in at 49 kilograms in 120
centimetres square the rover can be
configured for any mission in under ten
minutes the electrical system is powered
by 12 lithium polymer batteries a custom
PCB keeps the electrical system simple
and serviceable and can be interrupted
with an external kill switch we also
implemented a method for cycling the
power to individual subsystems such as
individual wheel controllers to account
for unexpected failures in the field
the rover uses a 900 megahertz
omnidirectional vertically polarized
antenna to communicate with the base
station the base station uses a three
meter vertically and horizontally
polarized directional antenna we
developed a system for this antenna that
automatically optimizes antenna
direction for strongest signal enabling
line-of-sight and obstructed
communication at distances of over one
kilometer this year the science sub team
created a new science module to meet the
revised mission requirements our first
life detection method involves powerful
cameras and microscopes the primary
microscope uses 1,000 times
magnification and allows us to visually
identify pollen spores and other large
single-cell life-forms optical filters
added to a pair of cameras take
advantage of spectral reflections from
chlorophyll to identify where
photosynthesis is taking place
biochemists and geologists on our team
also use live feeds from these optical
instruments to recognize signs of life
extinct or extant that less strained
eyes might miss our second method is a
spectral instrument that detects flavin
adenine dinucleotide or FA d an electron
acceptor ubiquitous and known life this
non-invasive technique can identify even
the small amounts of fa d present in
crypto biotic crusts our final method
uses a collection of growth chambers
soil samples are inserted into each gas
tight chamber with YPD nutrient broth
and a highly sensitive co2 sensor when
organisms metabolize changes in co2
concentrate
are detected because the chambers are
gas-tight the risk of a spill is low all
instruments are calibrated with a series
of standards developed in conjunction
with PhD biologists our redesign chassis
features a true rocker-bogie system a
lowered center of gravity makes it
possible for our rover to ascend
inclines in excess of 45 degrees the
differential bar spanning the two
rockers redistributes forces while on
uneven ground for better traction and
control a redesigned custom tread
creates consistent ground contact to
prevent bouncing while keeping deep
pockets for gravel and sand terrain
independent wheel control also helps
provide slip control on steep terrain
this redesigned system provides better
traction torque balance and speed so
that obstacles can be tackled quickly
and efficiently it also provides over 60
minutes of runtime and a travel distance
of over two kilometers the rover can be
outfitted with a robotic arm for
manipulating objects the strong
lightweight arm has 6 degrees of freedom
and is mathematically optimized for
maximum range of motion the arm can lift
a 5 kilogram mass when fully extended
directing the rover to perform quick and
precise movements is intuitive with our
newly implemented inverse kinematic
control the wrist compact bevel gearbox
can execute complex motions including
placing objects turning a screw typing
on a keyboard or operating a joystick or
crank despite taking first place in the
autonomous terrain traversal tasks last
year we've improved our approach by
accounting for weaknesses we identified
this includes tripling our field of view
to 210 degrees identifying and
traversing steep and rough terrain and
distinguishing between traversable and
impassable objects our Rover is equipped
with an efficient way point management
system allowing Rover operators to
quickly input gps waypoints between legs
of a task using the Google tensor flow
library we generated a neural network
trained on images representative of the
Mars desert Research Station this neural
network analyzes our camera feeds for
accurate identification and localization
of competition markers up to 20 metres
away the rover uses an advanced
algorithm to determine impassable
terrain the algorithm combines data from
the onboard lidar with depth and
environmental surface normal readings
distinguishing between obstacles and
passable terrain a
during algorithm tracks the pitch enroll
angle of the rover as it nears the
tipping threshold the rover sets an
alternative way point to continue to
ascend the incline
when targets are identified the rover
establishes a final Waypoint and
maintains visual contact with the tennis
ball once within 2 metres the rover
signals completion the callous
iterations our Rover has seen and
thousands of hours spent makes BYU the
most ready for this year's University
Rover challenge we've ever been we are
excited to represent BYU and demonstrate
the new Rover at this year's URC
competition
