[Music]
the BYU 2023 Mars Rover team has
improved our design from past years to
create a Rover that can excel at
competition missions while meeting
design requirements at this year's for
University Rover challenge the Rover's
legs have a rocker bogey design with a
joint allowing them to fold up and down
while fitting within the 1.2 meter cube
size requirement the legs and Chassis
are made using aluminum while the arm
utilizes carbon fiber tubing to ensure
the Rover remains lightweight and
capable of accomplishing difficult tasks
through our optimization the Rover
remains under 50 kilograms in any
configuration and under 70 kilograms
total power for the Rover comes from an
integrated 48 volt battery with a
voltage regulator to protect subsystems
from overloading and failure all
components are controlled through the
custom PCB in the chassis of the Rover
in the event of sudden failure or loss
of Rover control an emergency kill
switch is located on the back of the
over for quick access
the Rover connects to our base station
through the use of an Air Max yagi 900
megahertz directional antenna
the antenna is capable of operating up
to a range of one kilometer and Beyond
[Music]
an onboard Nvidia Jetson Xavier supports
an array of HD cameras that give the
operator an excellent view of the Rover
surroundings BYU's Rover can Traverse a
wide variety of environments negotiating
extreme grades stably climbing over
rocks
and maneuvering around obstacles
[Music]
the Rover legs are made of aluminum
tubing supporting the main body of the
Rover and distributing the weight to
while maintaining rigidity to improve
River traction our team developed Treads
out of a polyurethane rubber fiber mix
which was poured into a custom mold and
wrapped around the individual Wheels
one of our main configurations involves
a six degree of Freedom scarra type arm
mounted on a vertical power screw for
linear actuation this configuration
gives the arm a large workspace
including a vertical ranged motion from
the ground to 1.2 meters high
a robotic arm Works in Cartesian space
using an inverse kinematic software
package the ik method enables intuitive
control of the arm allowing the operator
fluid movement without sacrificing
Precision it also has the capability to
be controlled on a joint by joint basis
for more specific movement as needed
foreign
some capabilities of the arm include
lifting objects up to 5 kilograms in
Mass
opening and closing a drawer
flipping toggle switches moving a
joystick
plugging in a USB
tightening an allen head screw and
typing on a keyboard
our gripper allows the Rover to pick up
a range of objects up to 15 centimeters
wide its polyurethane gripping surface
is made more compliant with a honeycomb
pattern this means we can securely grasp
tools scientific instruments Supply
containers and even tow a wagon
to complete tasks safely and efficiently
the Rover is mounted with a variety of
sensors such as GPS a depth sensing
camera and satellite lidar BYU's Rover
can drive autonomously to give in
coordinates with a real-time kinematic
GPS system we use public lidar data and
a path planning algorithm to find the
fastest path to a waypoint while
avoiding difficult terrain once the path
is found the Rover precisely navigates
using the rtk system and an unscented
Kalman filter to reach the Waypoint
within 10 centimeters of accuracy the
Rover is equipped with four cameras and
a Z2 that allows us to easily operate
well past the view of the control
station the live feeds provided by the
cameras give a variety of views which
allow the Rover operators to precisely
maneuver the Rover in any environment
for autonomous traversal The Zed camera
houses a built-in magnetometer to
provide the Rover's heading once the
Rover has completed navigating to a GPS
location it uses the Zed's AR detection
capabilities to locate ear tags within
the vicinity an LED array on the Rover
indicates the status of the Rover task
green for light completion red when
autonomous and blue when Intel operator
this year's science team has created a
robust module that has three light
detection tests on board each test
provides unique information regarding
the possibility of Life the module uses
buret reagent Flavin adenine di
nucleotide detection and visual
inspection using a microscope to
identify extinct and extend life in
regular samples we have four augers on
board three for the burial test and the
last for sample collection the buret
reagent turns purple in the presence of
peptide bonds which indicates life
photosensors detect this change and send
this information back to the base
station for analysis we use a custom
fluorescence microscope to detect any
activity coenzyme present in the sample
which is a strong indication of Life
using generated graphs and confidence
intervals from our test data we can
determine the presence of life with
above 99 accuracy as a result of our
iterative improvements to the Rover
design and extensive stress testing we
are confident that we will excel at this
year's University Rover challenge
