[Music]
the byu 2022 mars rover team has built
upon the work and successes of past
teams to develop a rover which fulfills
all design requirements despite the size
changes applied to this year's
competition we elected to keep their
basic rocker bogey system used in years
past but in order to fit the rover into
a 1.2 meter box we implemented a folding
system for the rover chassis which
significantly reduces the rover's size
this is done with the use of an
off-the-shelf pin and custom designed
cnc part to create a hinge in both
chassis arms this change reduces its
length and a rotating hinge allows the
chassis arms to fold upwards reducing
the overall height our system weighs
less than 50 kilograms in any
competition configuration and all
components together weigh less than 70
kilograms we've used altair software to
optimize individual components and have
chosen materials based on strength to
weight ratios our current rover uses a
48 volt samsung battery which weighs
much less than the custom battery pack
used in previous years we have an
automatic system that shuts the rover
down in the event that the voltage of
the battery drops too low and in the
case of an emergency we have an external
estop button
our rover is fully capable of traversing
all kinds of terrain from flat level
ground to steep inclines and around
large obstacles even negotiating extreme
angles up to 45 degrees in order to fit
inside the new size requirements we also
had to completely redesign our antenna
as the previous antennas were
approximately 1.2 meters long by
themselves fortunately with the new
antenna our rover has strong
connectivity even over large distances
going up to one kilometer away between
the rover and the base station we use a
configurable 900 megahertz signal with
an 8 megahertz bandwidth a motorized
antenna at the base station will track
the increase of signal strength to
optimize connectivity with quick setup
of the base station and the rover we can
be competition task ready in less than
15 minutes thanks to the dedication of
our team the byu rover is capable of
autonomously navigating to gps
coordinates with a 10 centimeter
accuracy the rover does so by using a
real-time kinematic gps system which
operates on the wgs 84 standard our team
has implemented a ukf to obtain accurate
position and heading data once at a gps
waypoint the rover either signals leg
completion or initiates a search pattern
to find the ar tag at which point it
sends a signal to the base station and
awaits further instructions our team is
working on implementing optical
detection on the new system and in the
event of failure the rover navigates
back to the last known waypoint our
robotic arm works in an inverse
kinematic software package and can be
controlled joint by joint or in
cartesian space using inverse kinematic
methods
[Music]
the inverse kinematic methods in
particular enable easy and intuitive
control of the arm so the operator can
move the arm to a designated position
without needing joint vitrion
control the joints on the arm allow for
a range of configurations in the x y
coordinate plane
and the wrist joint and a vertical
linear actuator that we call an elevator
allows for movement in the z direction
this makes our arm capable of being able
to flip switches
open drawers
plug in a usb
pull a rope
and even to
type thanks to the robust design of the
arm which mimics a planar scara arm to
some extent it can easily lift items
over 7 kilograms
given these capabilities the arm can
perform all of the required manipulation
tasks for the urc competition
using last year's design as a basis this
year's science team has created a robust
science module that allows for greater
automation the module uses flavin
adenine dinucleotide fad buret reagent
and visual inspection tests to
accurately identify the presence of
extinct and extent life in both rock and
soil samples the fad coenzyme will play
a large role in the science mission
under induced lighting of a specific
wavelength we use powerful microscopes
to visually detect any fad present in a
rock or soil sample which is a strong
indication of extant life the buret test
takes advantage of the properties of
light and the solution of buret reagent
under the presence of peptide bonds in a
soil sample the reagent will change
colors and thus absorb different
frequencies of light which will be
detected by photoresistors mounted on
the science module the values received
from the photoresistors are sent back to
the base station where we generate
graphs and use machine learning
algorithms to make informed decisions
about the presence of extant life in a
given sample the fad test combined with
the burette test gives us a degree of
accuracy well above 99 percent through
the use of high-resolution cameras our
enlisted geological experts are able to
visually inspect rock samples for
fossils or extinct life each individual
test on this year's science module
provides unique information regarding
the possibility of life with careful
in-lab calibration of the sensor suite
we ensure the reliability of our data
and verify holistic functionality in
rigorous bi-monthly mock competitions
under similar conditions to the real urc
competition thanks to the frequency and
detail of our testing methods as well as
our rigorous design process we are
confident in our abilities to perform
well at the urc competition this year
