[Music]
the RAM Young University has competed in
the URC for over a decade and this year
we are about to compete with her best
over yet our team has been dedicated to
addressing the shortcomings of last
year's Rover and improving it to meet
the new requirements for this year's
competition to accomplish this we have
the largest team in our history with 33
members divided into mechanical
electrical and autonomy teams last
year's Rover was overweight and almost
every single task and that's hurt us in
the competition so top priority for the
mechanical team this year has been to
reduce weight in as many ways as
possible to accomplish this we have
replaced our Drive motors this alone has
saved us 4 kilograms and reduced power
consumption while still providing
adequate torque and speed our
rocker-bogie system with inflated
polyurethane wheels has proven itself in
past years because of its exceptional
ability to traverse difficult terrain so
we will continue to use it for this
year's Rover however we have improved
the design by performing a center of
gravity analysis to ensure that the
rover won't tip while ascending or
descending steep inclines this year's
science module has been designed with an
emphasis on reliability and robust
sample collection and storage the linear
actuator which drives our auger ensures
that we can reach a depth of 15
centimeters a six-piece tool changer
allows the module to collect two
separate soil samples and store them in
air and watertight containers with
minimal risk of contamination our new
auger design retains regolith better and
can penetrate both soft and hard ground
easily with this cutting-edge design we
have enlisted the help of student
experts to select dig sites and
interpret data our student experts have
been trained to understand geologic
structures and stratigraphy which in
tandem with powerful optics helped us to
select scientifically
big sites visual analysis will allow us
to review macro and micro soil
structures preserved in the geologic
record of the area observations such as
preserved river channels soft
sedimentary deformations smectic
textures and pyroclastic tuff are a
direct evidence of liquid water and
possibly life once in the lab we will
complete detailed lab analyses using
x-ray fluorescence a magnetic
susceptibility meter a pH probe and a
variety of biologic tests looking for
specific elements required for life our
robot arm has been adapted to meet an
increased need for precision and control
and this year's equipment servicing
tasks last year's arm design had only 5
degrees of freedom so this year we've
implemented a sixth degree of freedom in
the wrist this allows the end effector
to achieve almost any orientation within
the reachable workspace and it speeds up
operational time by allowing inverse
kinematic control instead of individual
joint control last year's gripper was
too unwieldy to work in enclosed spaces
as required by the sears competition
rules so we design a more narrow gripper
that still provides sufficient force the
electrical team has been working to
improve functionality reliability and
robustness or a reducing complexity for
all electrical components on the rover
this goal has led to the development of
a system level PCB and improvements to
our power supply design we've decided to
improve our out of line-of-sight
communications by utilizing two
different communication systems one will
operate on 2.4 gigahertz for greater
data throughput identical to what we
used last year the second link will
operate on 900 megahertz the larger
wavelength allowing for better
refraction around and penetration
through large obstacles our plan is to
implement real-time video and data
transmission adjustment in order to
reduce lag at weaker signal levels the
autonomous traversal task has changed
significantly this year but the autonomy
sub-team is rising to meet the challenge
last year the team had success tella
operating the rover to chart its course
before returning to the base station and
switching to autonomous mode this year
that strategy would only
half the points so we're adding some
features to make our world a more
competitive with various maps of the
area to guide us we plan to send
waypoints directly to the rover from the
base station since the maps are limited
by resolution we will rely on a stereo
camera an inertial measurement unit to
identify obstacles and difficult terrain
we're developing a state machine to
handle the various types of obstacles
the rover may encounter as well as a
protocol to search out the tennis balls
that will mark the goals recognizing
tennis balls is important because
without this ability our Rover will
never complete a single leg of the
autonomous traversal task therefore we
have dedicated a lot of time to
researching the most effective object
recognition methods available with
tensorflow and neural networks we have
used our own captured images to train a
program to recognize tennis balls in
diverse surroundings by training our
program with images that closely
resemble the landscape of Hanksville we
plan to increase our accuracy and range
BYU Mars rover team is excited to
compete in this year's University of
over challenge
