by8 is 2020 Mars rover team has built
upon our successes from last year by
optimizing the electrical mechanical and
software systems of the robot improving
on last year's weaknesses will help us
excel in the equipment servicing extreme
retrieval science and autonomous
traversal missions we are confident in
our ability to perform well at 2020s
Mars rover competition this year's team
is innovating new designs to build on
our successes from 2019 due to the high
performance of last year's chassis we
kept the design as the foundation of
this year's remotely operated mobile
platform our chassis is a rocker-bogie
system which utilizes a differential bar
to ensure good wheel to ground contact
including across uneven terrain slight
modifications to last year's model
ensure the chassis can be folded to fit
within a 1.2 meter square area by using
integrated pins the system weighs less
than 50 kilograms in any modular
configuration and under 70 kilograms as
a full system the chassis is integrated
electrical system uses serial
communication to control six individual
wheel motors ensuring flexibility and
control design and robust reset
abilities in case of individual motor
failure our Rover also uses a newly
designed lithium-ion battery pack which
powers the rover add minimal weight
costs while providing high-density
energy the battery is made up of 65
individual 18 650 cells that in
conjunction with our onboard voltage
regulation can power the rover for more
than two hours of heavy operation for
safety and resiliency individual cells
are spot welded together with built-in
fuses to avoid a complete battery
failure and sports an external kill
switch in case of emergency a complete
redesign of the arm showcases a linear
actuator that moves the arm in a
vertical motion allowing the rover to
easily lift items over 70 kilograms our
three link arm uses planar motion to
make tasks such as opening drawers or
cabinet doors much easier a wrist with
three motors simplifies difficulties
presented when reorienting to grasp
handles or reposition objects the newly
designed gripper
uses two linearly actuated fingers to
perform a variety of tasks the fingers
are mounted onto a lead screw that
utilizes both right and left hand
threads allowing a single motor to
easily open or close the grip a small
appendage on the end of the fingers
allows
to tighten screws push buttons or type
on a keyboard with ease
the arms control system is designed to
make operation of the arm during tasks
both intuitive and quick when large
movements are needed the operator can
use a software package called move it to
easily drag the arm to a desired
position without needing to manage
individual joints our light our module
creates 3d models of the environment and
nearby objects making movement planning
rapid and safe when more precise
movements are needed the grippers
position can be controlled by Cartesian
commands or joint by joint control this
year science team has created an
integrated hardware unit utilizing
proven tests from last year and a
promising new procedure tailored to
correctly identify both extinct and
extant life and individual samples our
faad coenzyme test will play a large
role in the science mission for each
sample tested under induced lighting
from onboard the rover we will be able
to visually detect any f8d present in
the sample which is an indication of
living organisms we also perform a co2
test where we grow cells in the gas
tight chamber using a soil sample and a
nutrient broth if we detect changes in
the carbon dioxide levels this indicates
the presence of life each individual
test on this year's science module
provides unique information regarding
the possible indication of life by
monitoring the consistency between
results we ensure the reliability of our
data these tests and our knowledgeable
science team will lead to high success
in the science tasks improved antenna
configuration and video hardware
encoding have vastly improved our
real-time communication to allow up to
25 megabits per second at a distance of
over 2 kilometers even without line of
sight between the rover and base station
we use a configurable 900 megahertz
signal with an 8 megahertz bandwidth
allowing for simultaneous camera feeds
without latency a motorised antenna at
the base station tracks and follows the
rover to optimize the direction for best
signal strength with quick setup of the
base station and rover we can be
competition ready in under 15 minutes
our autonomy team is using a real time
kinematic GPS system which operates on
the wgs84 standard the library reuse
allows the base station to send
correction signals to the rover this
enables the rover to achieve centimeter
accuracy allowing reliable navigation to
any given GPS coordinates our AR tag
recognition system which includes a
depth camera and a custom search pattern
finds AR tags which our rover can
correctly identify from over 10 metres
away with a lidar laser rangefinder to
assist in detecting and avoiding objects
traversing difficult terrain to
autonomously reach competition markers
is no problem an LED light array on the
back of the rover indicates where their
operation is autonomous or manual with
the work and efforts performed this year
we are confident BYU's 2020 Rover is as
ready as ever for this year's URC
competition
