my name is Philip Downey and I'm the
technical lead for Cal Rover in Berkeley
California over the past nine months our
team has been hard at work to design
build and test our Rover for the
University Rover challenge 2019 and
we're excited to share our progress our
team is divided into five sub teams
drive and suspension manipulator arm
electronics and embedded systems science
tasks and front end our drive and
suspension system is made up of a
modular t-slot chassis a rocker-bogie
type suspension and a six wheels for
style omnidirectional drive the
rocker-bogie design is inspired by
NASA's Curiosity rover and allows our
vehicle to effectively traverse rugged
terrain from boulder fields to packed
soil to loose gravel the top of the to
rockers are connected via Center axle
and top differential linkage which
ensures that the chassis maintains the
average of the two rocker angles at the
lower terminus of the carbon fiber
suspension members are a total of six
wheel modules which provide the power to
handle challenging environments the
wheels are driven by a DC brushed
planetary gearbox through a timing belt
to help absorb shock loads and the
custom cleated aluminum treads provide
excellent traction on a variety of
terrains the differentiating factor of
our drive system is the capability to
command the wheel angle and speed of
each module uniquely this system allows
us to strafe in any direction rotate in
place with no wheel slippage or rotate
and translate simultaneously vehicle
level dexterity greatly expands the
maneuverability of our Rover especially
on the challenging terrain found in the
desert the Armada Rover is a five degree
of freedom limb which is used for object
manipulation with a modular and effector
that is interchangeable for the various
competition tasks individual joints are
geared down sufficiently to lift the
five kilogram maximum competition
payload well being fast enough to
complete nimble manipulation tasks the
usable workspace of the arm extends 360
degrees about the vertical axis which
allows us to stow the arm during transit
as well as place objects in the
collection tray additionally in of
following the modularity design paradigm
of the rover as a whole the end effector
is designed to be easily switched out
for different tasks or the arm can be
removed entirely for missions which do
not depend on it in parallel with arm
fabrication our software team has been
implementing their control strategies on
ask or bought five degree of freedom
in the campus embedded systems lab this
way they're able to verify it feedback
strategies in parallel to our prototype
and begin to implement the inverse
kinematics solver on Hardware much more
intuitive control can be derived from
the six degree of freedom CAD mouse
input then from a typical individual
joint angle input our operators have
been practicing with his arm and can
deftly complete the competition tasks
system control is maintained by a series
of microcontrollers all containing FPGA
chips which implements elements of
multitasking and real-time programming
high level control wireless
communications a path planning slam and
manipulator arm eye calculations are
performed by a National Instruments Maya
Rio lower-level motor control data
collection and system monitoring is
completed on four Cypress P Sauk 5 LP
microcontrollers these embedded devices
along with differential GNSS I am you
and science test sensor suite make up
the computational architecture of our
Rover in addition five Robo claw motor
controllers are utilized for PID
feedback control of the drive and arm
motors which are powered by a pair of
fourteen point eight volt lipo batteries
to communicate with the operator console
telemetry data and tella operation
commands are sent over the 900 megahertz
band while live video feeds are sent in
the 2.4 gigahertz range the embedded
systems architecture onboard the rover
ensures that data is consistently
communicated to the operator console
while the user commands are executed our
science task system has been designed to
look for past and present sign of life
in the soil at a predetermined area of
interest we first captured a visual
imagery of the surrounding landscape
which may bear indicators of water flow
then we bore a hole in the soil with a
3/4 auger bit and collect a sample to
our onboard co2 sensor to measure soil
respiration finally we collect data from
temperature humidity soil moisture and
pH sensors as additional indicators of
extinct or extant microbial life this
timestamp data along with the GNSS
coordinate is then transmitted back to
the operator console for future analysis
following the science mission our team
will evaluate the data and
optimal location for a more thorough
science cache mission our gooeys
programmed in LabVIEW and presents to
the operator all relevant Rover
telemetry and sends user commands to the
vehicle for navigation joystick inputs
are mapped to linear and angular
velocity commands for the vehicle and
arm controls are input using a six
degree of freedom and navigator mouse
also Rover information such as GNSS
position vehicle state camera feeds
science tasks readouts and system
warnings are shown on the screen on
behalf of color over we would like to
thank you for your consideration
