hi we're Creator caltech's first ever
University Rover challenge team
our team of 15 motivated undergraduate
students has been hard at work designing
building and testing the first edition
of our Mars Rover and we're excited to
share our progress with you
the crater drive and Chassis sub teams
main objective was to design manufacture
and test a robust mechanical design
capable of reliable performance across a
wide variety of terrains to that end the
tried and true rocker bogey system was
selected due to its low mass and
complexity increased stability across
extreme terrains and flight Heritage our
particular implementation further
prioritizes reducing system Max and
complexity being primarily constructed
out of hollow aluminum 6061 tubing in
plates
finally with no permanent welds or
rivets are over a simple simple to
disassemble maintain and augment with
new hardware and Novo capabilities a
flexibility in design that Creator
intends to explore further during future
testing
24 centimeter wheelies inflatable
balloon Wheels provide traction even in
Sandy environments and cushioning while
traversing Roth Rocky Terrain
the differential bar inverts the
rotation of one rocker and transfers it
to the opposite rocker increasing
stability and allowing for the Rover to
scale obstacles of height twice its
wheel diameter
coupled with its robust brushless DC
motors our rower's mechanical design has
optimized to power through and over even
the most Locomotion impeding obstacles
and provide a Dependable platform upon
which the other Rover subsystems can
confidently build off of
our robotic arm uses a six-stop design
to achieve full XYZ and rotational
positioning of our end effector
this end effector features a clock
Ripper to operate controls such as
switches and joysticks using a worm gear
drive to maximize load holding ability
while minimizing power consumption
lastly a continuous rotation joint and
linear actuator enable tasks such as
pressing keys and tightening screws
the first two joints on the arm are
driven by stepper motors with worm gear
reducers again minimizing holding torque
and power consumption of the arm
the next four joints and end effector
are driven by servos with gear trains to
minimize weight while providing
sufficient torque to operate the arm and
complete all required tasks
the arm controls can be switched between
end effector position control driven
from inverse kinematics or direct
control over the joint values
additional features such as software
bounds for joint angles and arm
visualization in Ross allow for safe
operation of the arm and intuitive user
control our Electronics centered around
supporting our numerous actuators and
sensors on our Rover while delivering
reliable power and signal throughout the
system we also aimed to increase
interchangeability for components within
the system for easy repair and
replacement we achieved this by
designing a network of off-the-shelf
power converters and motor controllers
that minimize space and cost to increase
power efficiency we implemented an
active balancing BMS that ensures
uniform discharge from each of the cells
this specific battery management system
has the capability to give us data about
each of the cell States via Bluetooth or
for longer ranges rs-485 additionally
our single point grounding scheme makes
signal propagation robust to Emi
for communications we have two channels
2.4 gigahertz for high bandwidth and 900
megahertz for lower bandwidth without
guaranteed line of sight this redundancy
creates a robust communication system
for the Rover
we're using ross2 for the communication
system we're us to communicates between
the base station laptop and the NX on
the Rover it also communicates between
the annex and the feather radiolor as
well as the Arduino on it Ross was not
only utilized for the long-range
Communications but was also utilized in
connecting the Jetson Xavier NX to its
many peripherals for both odometry and
the manipulator arm the control Motors
had to be connected to the gpio pins on
an Arduino Mega which was connected to
the Jetson NX over a raw serial bridge
for the End effector dynamixel Motors
were connected directly over USB as were
the lidar and Zed camera are used for
the autonomy mission for autonomy we
used a combination of Point cloud and
Laser scan data to create a
comprehensive map of the Rover's
environment along with the IMU this data
allows us to create a map of the
locations the Rover has been to while
simultaneously deciphering the Rover's
location relative to that map for
identifying Signs of Life in soil
samples we decided to primarily focus on
the presence of carbohydrates and
proteins within the samples
we sample soil using a swappable scooper
attachment on the manipulator arm and
Defector for detecting extant life we
decided to use the Bradford protein
assay while for extinct left we decided
on Benedict's reagent test for
carbohydrates since these are both
indicator tests we'll use a carousel of
cuvettes built to function as a custom
spectrophotometer measuring the
absorbance of the samples for rock
sampling we have an esp-i
microcontroller which is placed at the
end of the arm allowing us to send image
data back to the base station for
processing as well as to run a computer
vision model on board to determine the
type of rock sampled as this could be
indicative of extinct life thanks for
watching really proud of the effort that
we put in over the past six months to
get this Rover working and we thank you
for your consideration
