hi my name is yannick Brisebois and i am
the team lead for the carlton planetary
robotics team we are a team of
undergraduate students from Carleton
University in Ottawa Ontario with the
goal of designing and building
competitive Mars rovers I would like to
now introduce to you this year's Rover
Sammy our Chaffee platform has moved to
a six wheeled rocker buoy which will
increase stability while traversing
rough terrain the rocker-bogie is
constructed using cots rectangular
carbon fiber tubing and milled aluminum
hubs with the two legs connected using a
transfer bar Sammis drivetrain consists
of six vex bag motors each coupled to a
hundred-to-one gear reduction and a
custom quadrature encoder this year
we've begun to design custom 3d printed
TPU wheels which will provide us with a
lightweight yet flexible rim this will
be combined with a TPE tread which will
provide traction over a simulated Mars
environment the electronics are
separated into two modular boxes the
electronics box which houses all of our
computation motor control power
distribution regulation and telemetry
sensors the battery box houses our
batteries emergency stop system relay
and trunk power fees the electronics box
is designed with a standardized five
centimeter by five centimeter grid and
cutouts to allow for easy repairs
rearrangements and expansion of
electronics inside custom PCBs interface
with any commercial electronics and
features status LEDs for fast
identification of electrical issues h6
is powered with last year's 24 volt 30
amp hour battery with a brand-new
emergency stop system this new east up
is equipped with under voltage lockout
and a Deadman switch for faster and
safer Rover recovery during testing
we've also integrated a bypass for the
Deadman switch for competition time
these changes make h6 GPR T's safest
most reliable Rover to date we will be
using a 900 megahertz omnidirectional
antenna based on last year's design due
to its success at last year's
competition this year the system has
been optimized by using better suited
antennas with the 900 megahertz link we
will be able to talk through a large
terrain such as hills and rocks that
normally interfere with the higher
frequency signal mechanical arm consists
of four joints capable of lifting and
maneuvering five kilograms of mass at
full extension the motors are connected
to harmonic or strain wave gears
allowing for a high torque output as
well as minimal backlash for degrees of
freedom of the mechanical arm coupled
with the two degrees of freedom of the
end effector will allow us to use
inverse kinematics which will be vital
or tasks that require higher precision
such as typing or using a screwdriver
this year's end effector was designed
with precision in mind the custom
gearing system was machined of aluminum
stock for a compact yet strong design
the end effector has a 180 degree pitch
control as well as 360 degree in
continuous rotation the grippers of the
end effector have been 3d printed of a
special carbon fiber filament for its
high strength and low mass properties
last year we used OpenCV to detect and
avoid obstacles as well as locating the
tennis ball this seemed to work in a lab
environment but failed to adapt to the
unpredictable nature of the real world
this year we plan to use a neural
network as an end-to-end solution this
will allow us to generalize safe driving
conditions as well as how to avoid
hazards as a safety measure we have
built a secondary system to analyze the
ground plane ahead of the rover knowing
the size of our Rover we can determine
if any patch of ground is large enough
to fit on vetoing any decisions by the
neural network if necessary we are also
using deep learning to locate the tennis
ball using a yellow algorithm this will
allow us to generalize what a tennis
ball looks like allowing us to deal with
different color backgrounds debris on
the tennis ball or even if the tennis
ball is partially obstructed for the
science mission we have built a Raman
spectrometer to detect the presence of
carotenoids pigments are widely
considered to be strong indicators of
life ace 532 nanometer laser is used to
excite the sample and the peaks in the
resulting spectra form a unique
signature that can be used to identify
the biomarker a motor and ballscrew
are used to lower the probe to the
ground so that measurements can be taken
in situ
as the weather starts to get a bit warm
in Ottawa we're thrilled to be moving
out of our build phase and into our
mission planning and operator training
our operations team is composed of
specialists trained in a single role
such as locomotion and defector or
science during operations training we'll
be conducting mock missions with
simulated failure modes such as losing a
motor various sensors or communications
this gives our team experience
troubleshooting in the field and allows
us to develop backups and adaptations
for mission success prior to competition
[Music]
[Music]
