hello I'm Sam dare the chief engineer of
the Calvert Mars were designed to you
I'm so proud of the thousands of hours
our team members of putting over the
last few months we have been hard at
work over the past four months and our
entirely student-led design team started
from scratch we grew to around 25
members as a rookie team we were able to
design everything about our team from
the ground up
we designed a completely flat org chart
with five sub teams programming business
science mechanical and electrical we
designed a Rover we believe will be a
top competitor at the 2019 University
Rover challenge I'm case Van Leer
and I'm the mechanical lead our
suspension system is a unique innovative
design which utilizes eight independent
linkages to improve flexibility and
versatility our design has been dubbed
at the hexapod because of its six wheels
and independent linkages which give it a
wide ranging versatility the wheels are
3d printed from flexible filament all
the components were designed and
machined in our engineering building by
the members of the mechanical team the
equipment servicing task and the extreme
retrieval and delivery tasks require an
arm with a great deal of dexterity and
reach
we designed a fully custom arm with six
degrees of freedom including a 360
degree wrist for continuous rotation the
end effector is a 3d printed claw
capable of high precision maneuvers
which will be crucial in order to
perform well in these tasks the arm
itself rotates on a custom turret which
allows us to rotate to the nearest 1.5
degrees very little backlash
[Music]
our goal for the electrical system this
year was pretty simple yet effective
design our custom battery pack consists
of 70 21700 lithium-ion cells have our
battery supply at twenty five point nine
volts nominal and 50 amp hours battery
connects to a bus bar which distributes
power to all electronics on board our
motor controllers are Rev spark max
probe motor controllers which are wired
to 11 Neil brushless motors six on the
drive train and five on the arm all
these motors are controlled over can bus
by an Arduino mega the Arduino also
connects to our main processor the
Jetson TX to our live video feed is sent
back through our AV comm system
consisting of a eight channel 1.2
gigahertz transmitter in a second 40
channel 5.8 gigahertz transmitter for
redundancy we're communicating with the
rover through a 900 megahertz XP Pro to
transmit our data we use a dipole
antenna on a Rover and a yogi' antenna
at our base station re Vikan uses
cloverleaf antennas on both ends we are
also utilizing a u-blox Neill m8 and GPS
to identify our Rovers coordinates
the programming the programming team is
tasked with designing operating and
integrating the individual software
subsystems to keep our design modular
simplistic and easy to debug we're using
individual Arduino microcontrollers to
operate each subsystem this offloads
these tasks from our main computer
Nvidia jetsam tx2 which is used for the
main hub of our our OS integration as
well as image processing with our intel
realsense depth camera using OpenCV and
Trane tensor phone models we were able
to detect and navigate towards the
tennis ball in the autonomous mode
utilizing this along with arduino x' and
our standardized motion systems over
canvas we're able to drive autonomously
with gps by means of the realsense
camera and teleoperated using tank drive
controls similarly we're able to
precisely control the arm utilizing a
combination of quadrature and absolute
encoders with closed-loop control via
pivots
[Music]
the science essay this year is split up
into three distinct analysis sections
first the environmental analysis we plan
to use a temperature probe a moisture
probe and a pH probe these three probes
will establish base evidence that will
determine the likelihood of life
existing in a sample location the second
part requires the analysis of the
geological structures and this will be
done using an imaging microscope
specific minerals that we will be
looking for include apatite and calcite
as well as looking for micro fossils the
third technique is Raman spectroscopy
and this will help us get a better
understanding of the chemicals present
in the sample we are specifically
looking for sp2 hybridized carbons that
will lead us to conclude the presence of
active natural chemical synthesis
[Music]
