hello i am sam deir lead engineer of the
calven Mars rover design team I am
thrilled to welcome you to the system
acceptance review for the 2020
University Rover challenge our team
consists of 26 members but across five
different sub teams programming business
electrical science and mechanical this
year we've sought to make our Rover as
large and reliable as possible in order
to do this we have invested heavily in
composites and 3d printing so that we
can rapidly iterate through designs for
our final design we developed a
rocker-bogie suspension that is large
and durable while also being lightweight
and effective the suspension includes a
carbon-fiber differential bar to keep
the rover level throughout the
competition this sits our custom laser
cut chassis which has been optimized to
be both light and compact while still
being versatile and sturdy we designed
modular drive units in order to quickly
and easily replace any of the six wheel
units with a spare these use high torque
brushless motors with custom planetary
gear sets integrated into our carbon
fiber wheel hubs for the extreme
retrieval and the equipment servicing
tasks we created a 5 degree of freedom
arm capable of lifting 10 kilograms with
custom carbon fiber 300 to 1 gear
reductions our our end effector has a
built in hex key and is capable of 360
degree continuous rotation with an
advanced claw designed to pick up and
manipulate a wide array of objects for
the arm this year we wanted to make it
as stable and robust as possible we use
large carbon fiber tubes to connect the
custom 3d printed 300 to one gearboxes
driven by high torque brushless motors
these are controlled with both relative
and integrated absolute encoders for the
wrist we created a differential capable
of rotating and tilting the carbon fiber
cloth which has been specifically
designed for the equipment servicing
tasks and is capable of turning a screw
picking up objects pulling a rope
lifting cash containers and pushing
buttons these joins all rest on a
tarah gear for high-precision rotation
this year we a completely redesigned the
rover's electrical system focusing on
reliability and efficiency
we have remade our lithium ion battery
to operate at 24 volts lasting 35 amp
hours additionally we are working on
custom PCB battery management system
that monitors temperature and regulates
the voltage of the battery our brushless
motors run off o drive motor controllers
communicate via serial the brain of the
rover is an Intel nuke with a Jetson
Nano as our AI coprocessor for line of
sight communication we are using a 5
gigahertz omnidirectional system for non
line-of-sight teleoperation we are using
a 433 megahertz radio used with
point-to-point protocol creating a
tcp/ip connection for use with our OS
and our own package structure for non
line-of-sight video streaming we are
using a 1.2 gigahertz analog system this
year the programming teams job has been
made easier through our tcp/ip based
communication system it has allowed us
to seamlessly communicate with our Intel
nuke wirelessly over an ro s network
with our base station computer we are
using Nvidia Jetson nano winning our
custom inverse kinematics algorithm to
take the heavy workload of the arms
motion planning off of the nuke using a
custom driver for the o drive motor
controllers combined with the standard
AR West or stick packages we are able to
control the rover manually via
teleoperation using computer vision and
depth sensing capabilities of our intel
realsense camera we were able to detect
the precise locations of AR tags in 3d
space and will be able to navigate
between them autonomously all of this is
also integrated with our GPS navigation
system and proxy maps to precisely plan
our routes given GPS coordinates and air
tag markers this year's science module
is made up of three different subsystems
microscope a fluorescence detector and
spectrometer and a weather station the
remotely adjusted microscope will be
able to look for microfossils
as well as identify certain minerals
such as apatite and calcite that could
prove the past existence
life fluorescence microscopy and
spectroscopy we'll also be able to
identify certain minerals that fluoresce
within our sample as well as certain
organics that fluoresce
including proteins our module will also
include UV temperature and humidity
sensors that when used with the
microscope and fluorescence detector
will further prove the existence of life
in our sample
