hi we are the continuum Rover team from
the University of Rostov
in this SAR submission we would like to
show details about our Rover a left to
our rover is built on a base that has
been field-tested in many competitions
but introduces changes based on lessons
learned from competitions prototyping
and testing our field tested chassis is
made from aluminium and carbon fiber
powerful motors combined with low center
of mass give us the ability to
effortlessly climb steep terrain firstly
PID controllers give us precise control
of a position and velocity of the wheels
[Music]
before we will rock a suspension ensures
that at least three wheels are always
touching the ground this enables us
travel on a very challenging and uneven
ground without losing traction the 5
degree of freedom manipulator has been
designed to lift weights of up to six
kilograms with maximum reach of one
meter while weighing less and than 12
kilograms the arm is controlled by six
independent DC motors that transmit
torque through planetary gears and belt
transmissions thanks precise encoders we
can use inverse kinematics for ant
effective control make use of trajectory
planning algorithms and displayed live
visualization of the manipulators
position
we have developed many custom PCBs
including to Power Distribution boards
the first one delivering power to high
current devices and the second one
delivering power to all computers and
networking systems science boards camera
system and other devices all of the
peripherals are connected to the main
computer using a canvas as a transport
layer and our only Ruby protocol as an
application layer
Ruby gives us the same abstraction layer
over all of the peripherals automatic
GUI generation and fast development to
expand our vision capabilities we
developed custom pan tilt zoom focus
camera modules the camera features
include pan and tilt axes that enable us
to see in all directions
triple zoom adjustable focus and
switchable infrared filter we are using
2.4 gigahertz and 900 megahertz for
transmission between the rover and the
base in the US we should have full
communication on a range of up to one
kilometer Wi-Fi connection allows us to
stream high-quality footage from the
rover without any noticeable lag and
with lot of bandwidth left for control
commands our directional antenna can
follow the rover to ensure the
connection is always available thanks to
the use of my critic Reuters we can
reuse some specific traffic like video
stream to a selected communication
channel all of our high-level software
is based on the robots operating system
our main computer is nvidia json TX 2
the user interfaces for the Power
Distribution boards give us precise
power consumption statistics and they
can be used to remotely restart any
component of the rover our software for
autonomous navigation utilities can
filter to calculate the robust position
by combining different odometry sources
a stereoscopic camera is used to detect
obstacles audiometry and the occupancy
map are then used to plan a collision
free path to the destination point that
can be executive by local planner which
gives appropriate velocity commands to
the rover's control software
the onboard cameras can detect air
attacks from a distance of up to 10
meters a special algorithm has been
developed to complete the legs on the
autonomous navigation tasks gazebo
simulation allows us to test many
features of our software without the
need of interaction with the real
hardware the simulated Rover runs the
same set of controllers as the real one
which makes it compatible with the rest
of our software a wide range of
open-source plugins gives us the
possibility to test different setups of
cameras and sensors mounted on the robot
the simulation environment can even be
used to test the robust behavior in
masses gravitational force for the
science task we will conduct some non
hazardous chemical experiments on the
soil samples that will test for the
presence of proteins nitrogen potassium
phosphorus and calcium these experiments
will help us determine the existence of
past or present life we will also
perform different sensor measurements
such as light intensity air quality and
temperature they will let us determine
if the conditions are favorable for
living organisms
