hi my name is James Hebert and we at
Cornell Mars rover are excited to unveil
this year's Rover Valkyrie
oh no Mars rover is an interdisciplinary
project team composed of over 40
undergraduate members our team is put up
into six different sub teams of members
organized by discipline
the task sub team is responsible for
developing the rover's robotic arm and
drill the tricep team overseas
development of the rover suspension
wheels frame and equal the electrical
sub team works on all aspects of the
ventricle pellets including the rover's
communication electronics design and
embedded firmware the software sub team
operates Rover controls and designs the
autonomous systems the science of team
oversees Martian and MDRS research and
onboard sensor section for the science
tasks and finally the business sub team
is in charge of team finances 11
presentation design and the public and
sponsor outreach we periodically review
ur designs to ensure the battery follows
your z mass and monetary brothers the
academic year is split into three
developing variants a design phase from
August to November a manufacturing phase
from November to February and a testing
phase from February to May based on our
performance in last year's extreme
retrieval and delivery task and
autonomous traversal tasks we have
dramatically modified the mechanical
design in order to excel in this year's
competition the frame electronics core
team has implemented a complete overhaul
of the subsystem by drastically
decreasing the size of the electronics
core we were able to move towards a box
frame design which allows increased
strength of the system this also
provides robustness to vibration while
allowing significant mascots and
increased flexibility of design both for
the arm-based and the suspension systems
the task top team has designed to meet
all the requirements necessary to excel
and the revamped equipment servicing
task then defector joint uses belts to
open and close the claw to ensure the
motor and gears are not over torqued the
claws also coated with neoprene tape to
increase the grip which will be
instrumental in Valkyrie is using the
wrench and screwdrivers we're also using
3d printed cloths deal with more complex
geometries due to its six degrees of
freedom
knobs more dexterous and will be able to
deal with the more complex tasks it has
also been designed to reduce sloshing
the joints in order to increase the
accuracy of the sensor readings which
will be important when using inverse
kinematics this year we improved
Valkyries electrical and software
systems in order to make them more
reliable and easier to operate on the
rover each subsystem is controlled by a
pic32 microcontroller which manages all
sensors and motives for that subsystem
and communicates with a central board
using a canvas the central morgue
receives commands from the rover's
computer and video jets and TX to buy a
UART connection the jetsam provides
significant computing power in a small
package
it runs the robot operating system on
top of Ubuntu our software handles
camera streams tell operation as well as
more advanced operations during the
autonomous and equipment servicing tests
for the autonomous test the rover uses
GPS inertial measurements lidar and
computer vision in order to reliably
navigate rough terrain to the tennis
ball marker for the equipment servicing
tasks the rover uses inverse kinematics
to automatically perform complex actions
such as typing on the keyboard in order
to make the rover easy to operate
we've designed a brand new web-based
interface which displays a live map of
the Rovers position the rower
communicates with the base station using
a 2.4 gigahertz transceiver and 2
omnidirectional antennas this system is
capable of communicating over ranges in
excess of 1 kilometer even when the line
of sight is partially obstructed to
determine the habitability of a site
Valkyrie collects a soil sample and
analyzes the surrounding environment for
conditions favorable to life the onboard
sensors to
Herman the presence of water and the
composition of the rock based on
geologic structures and reflecting
wavelengths the sensors also measure the
soils temperature and humidity the rover
uses ultraviolet light to preliminary
identify minerals that could be present
in the sample lab tests determine the
composition of the soil and the presence
of nutrients or organic compounds that
may exhibit signs of the potential for
life a polarizing microscope is used to
analyze the mineralogical makeup of the
sample from now until competition the
team will focus on testing the rover
each member is assigned to a testing
team that prepares the rover for an
individual URC task the team will
additionally partake in three mock
competitions at mock competitions we
travel off-campus to simulate the
entirety of the URC in one day these
allow the competition teams to practice
in time constraint competitions to fully
prepare us to excel in the University
rubber challenge
[Music]
Valkyrie and the rest of the team are
just about ready for competition and we
hope to see you in Utah
[Music]
