cornell mars rover has worked tirelessly
over the past seven months to design and
manufacture a urc-ready rover and this
year we are excited to unveil our new
rover orion our team is broken into
eight different sub-teams organized by
discipline the armed sub-team is
responsible for building and designing
the rover's robotic arm the drive sub
team oversees development of the rover's
suspension wheels frame and electronics
housing the electrical sub team is
responsible for developing the hardware
required to communicate with the rover
and power on board actuators and sensors
the software sub-team handles rover
controls path planning user interfaces
and computer vision the astrotech sub
team is responsible for onboard soil
delivery and analysis for the science
task the science sub team designs tests
and procedures to detect life from soil
and rock samples the testing sub team is
responsible for creating system tests to
ensure the development of a successful
rover and finally the business sub team
manages teams finances web and
presentation design and both public and
sponsor outreach the academic year is
split into three development periods a
fall designing phase a winter
manufacturing phase and a spring testing
phase because of state and university
rules regarding in-person work we have
had limited access to our lab space
machine shop and rapid prototyping lab
as such we are currently finishing up
manufacturing but we are on schedule to
finish within the next two weeks
the focus of the arm sub team this year
has been to increase dynamic stability
improve the end effector and provide
better visual feedback to the operators
using data from a dynamic model of the
armada matlab we have standardized our
customs like total gearboxes cutting the
number of unique parts in half mass
optimization has allowed us to make the
arm about three times stronger than last
year while being lighter we have
completely overhauled the end effector
opting for parallel closing jaws with
polyurethane interface material these
changes greatly improve its grip and
allow us to reliably manipulate all
types of objects the drives team has
redesigned our drive train to feature a
rocker bogey suspension system it forces
all six wheels to remain in contact with
the ground at all times so that the
rover can navigate rocks drops and steep
slopes we carefully chose high strength
low mass carbon fiber is the tubing
material connected with structural epoxy
at mass optimized aluminum tube unions
the geometry of the suspension is based
on a dynamic model created in matlab to
minimize rollover probability when
traversing competition terrain our six
wheels consist of an interlocking rigid
hub and a flexible urethane outer wheel
casted in a 3d printed mold they are
powered by maxon motors that drives like
coil drive gearboxes we have designed
and manufactured this year the
electrical system has redesigned and
improved the hardwood schema that is
responsible for controlling and powering
all the systems on the rover on the
rover we used omnidirectional 2.4
gigahertz and 5.8 gigahertz radios to
manage communication between the rover
and base station our system utilizes
both channels to improve communication
quality in situations where there is
obstructed line of sight our central
communication board is the hub between
controls electrical and software that
handles sending commands to each board
and a can bus connects the whole network
of our pic32 microcontrollers on custom
boards this year we also improved the
reliability of our modular motor control
scheme to run brushless and brushed
drivers this along with the redesign of
our consensual communication board
firmware allows us to support an
increased number of motors on the rover
this year the software sub team worked
on numerous improvements to the previous
year's rover our autonomy system
received major updates in its latest
iteration among them our ar tag
detection system has been improved to
more reliably detect ar tags by
employing a spiral search approach when
waypoint accuracy is low our inverse
kinematics implementation allows
operators to manipulate the arm in a 3d
rendering of its surroundings we've also
included some predefined arm macros such
as a scooping action to further improve
the arms ease of operability we also
completely redesigned our graphical user
interface to enable full control of the
rover and all its features among its
many capabilities are rover module
management autonomous navigation control
on a map and arm manipulation
this year astrotech has redesigned our
onboard soil and rock analysis system
the rover's scoop transports soil
samples from the ground to the mixing
chamber a funnel is used to direct the
soil from the scoop to be mixed with
water vibration motors shake dirt off of
surfaces decreasing the risk of
contamination in the mixing chamber a
crankshaft piston mechanism creates a
soil and water mixture the mixing
chamber's three isolated sections
prevent cross-contamination our next
task is to analyze and perform life
protection tests we're currently working
on a new spectroscopy system which we
hope will replace rgb sensors in the
observation chamber for both we have
designed light controlled analysis as
for rock analysis we have a digital
microscope and the filter wheel the
science sub team designs new and
specific tests to distinguish between
extinct extant and no-life environments
by analyzing rock and soil samples
using colorimetric and spectroscopic
data we are able to quantitatively
analyze ph phosphate concentration and
concentrations of various macromolecules
in the soil using a 3d printed filter
wheel the rover photographs rocks and
through the analysis of its average
reflectance values allows us to
determine its mineral composition and
determine whether the sample came from a
place with extant extinct or no life we
also have a digital microscope a
nitrogen phosphorus and potassium sensor
and a carbon dioxide sensor with a focus
on reliability we have a rigorous
testing plan the team is divided into
four task teams for testing one for each
of the urc missions each task team lead
under the guidance of the testing sub
team develops and executes an
incremental testing strategy gradually
bringing the rover up to full
functionality orion and the rest of the
team are just about ready for
competition and we hope to see you in
utah
