[Music]
Cornell Mars Rover has worked tirelessly
over the last seven months to design and
manufacture our URC ready Rover and we
are excited to unveil Atlas for the 2023
competition we have focused on improving
last year's weaknesses inspiring a
complete redesign of two subsystems we
split the Academic Year into a fall
design phase a winter manufacturing
phase and a spring testing phase during
this last phase our six sub teams test
and make final changes to the Rover to
prepare for URC
the arm sub team is responsible for
building and designing the Rover's
robotic arm the drive sub team oversees
the Rover suspension Wheels frame and
electronics Housing Development the
electrical sub team developed the
hardware required to communicate with
the Rover and power onboard actuators
and sensors the software sub team
handles Rover controls path planning
user interfaces and computer vision the
astrobiological technology sub team is
responsible for on-board soil delivery
and Analysis for the life detection task
and finally the business of Team manages
finances web and presentation design and
Outreach to sponsors and the public
the arm sub team has focused on testing
and modifying previous designs primarily
aiming to improve control and visibility
absolute Rotary encoders will be
implemented in each joint to provide
precise position information for inverse
kinematics this year the arm uses a
combination of cycloidal and strain wave
gearing at the joints two new cameras
have been added to assist the arm the
first is the extendo cam which is
mounted on the side of the frame
controlled by servos a pan tilt camera
provides perspective when performing
tasks
the second camera is attached directly
to the parallel end effector coupled
with a point laser it provides close-up
views when interacting with the
environment this year the drive
subsystem has undergone a redesign to
better fit the streamlining of our
suspension system that occurred last
year
our 3D printed wheels are lighter and
more reliable The increased rigidity of
the tire enables the suspension to
perform better on slope terrain the
treads on the four corner wheels are
tangent to the Rover's turning radius
allowing for easier Point turning
the rubber frames footprint is smaller
in the center of mass of the river has
been shifted on top of the rocker bogey
pivot which further increases climb
performance
our e-core is smaller than last year but
now holds over double the number of
boards
all the boards Mount to a modular
removable rack
the electrical sub team has created a
variety of pcbs to control all the
rubber actuators and sensors
if upgraded our system to use stm32
microcontrollers allowing for faster
firmware development we use micros to
interface with our Software System to
improve communication reliability
or upgraded power distribution system
includes current sensing that allows for
us to record and understand the rubber's
power consumption from our 25.9 volt
battery
we use 900 megahertz and 5 gigahertz
transceivers in order to accurately send
and receive data from our base station
which can be over two kilometers away
hard to rebuild the software stack as we
switch from rocks 1 to Ross 2. this
change brought many design improvements
to every subsystem
to communicate with the electrical sub
team we leverage drost2 control to
implement a hardware abstraction layer
which improved motor precision and code
maintainability
our autonomy system is now built on the
roster navigation stack and we
re-implemented our search algorithm with
a behavior treaty which is easier to
tune
we are still using inverse kinematics to
control the arm however this year we
developed a computer vision algorithm to
automate parts of the equipment service
information and perform it faster than
before
on the mechanical side we collect soil
with multiple Scoops to reduce
cross-contamination we mix the soil with
a buffer using magnetic stir bars then
we pump the solution into our analysis
chamber to analyze the sample with
spectroscopy
to detect life and soil we use a
fluorophore and a fluorometer to measure
the concentration of cells in the soil
quantitatively using a variety of
simulated desert soils which we
sterilize in an autoclave or inoculate
with different concentrations of
bacteria we can test the ability of our
life detection assay we have a
collection of assays that can detect
molecules in the soil like calcium
carbonate nitrogen phosphorus and more
as well as other indicators of life
with a focus on reliability we have a
rigorous testing plan we divided the
entire team into four task teams one for
each URC Mission each task team lead
develops and executes an incremental
testing strategy testing different tasks
within each Mission our testing sessions
have also enabled us to cross-train team
members for operations and Rapid Repairs
of the Rover with many systems being
modular task teams can test slightly
different designs to evaluate
functionality these distinct task teams
have already started to strategize for
each task verify reliability and prepare
us for our two mock competitions where
the URC missions are completed in a
single day these allow the competition
team to practice under time constraining
conditions to fully prepare for the
trials of the University Rover challenge
Atlas and the rest of the team are just
about ready for competition and we hope
to see you in Utah
