hi my name is Andrew royo and the
Cornell Mars rover team is excited to
unveil this year's Rover Artemis our
team is split up into six different sub
teams organized by discipline the task
sub team is responsible for developing
the rover's robotic arm and drill the
drive sub team oversees the development
of the rover suspension wheels frame and
electronic housing the electrical sub
team is responsible for all electrical
components including the Rovers
communication systems and embedded
firmware the software sub team operates
rover controls and designs the
autonomous systems the science of team
oversees Martian and NP RS research and
develops the mechanism for onboard
testing in the science tasks and finally
the business sub team is in charge of
team finances web and presentation
designs and both public and sponsor
outreach the academic year is divided
into three phases a development phase
from August to November a manufacturing
phase from November to early February
and a testing phase from February to May
this year we have worked hard to finish
the rover early to maximize testing time
and deliver a more reliable Rover than
ever before based on our performance in
last year's competition we have improved
Artemis's drive system we switch to
brushless DC motors to get better
performance and to reduce size and
weight we redesign the tread system on
the wheelies tires and optimize the
profile of the optimal frame Artemis's
suspension now features viscous dampers
to improve vehicle dynamics and handling
during the extreme retrieval and
delivery mission the Box frame is more
compact and lighter than last year's on
the back sits a new carbon fiber
composite mass to give us a better
vantage point for the main drive camera
and to give communication system a
better line of sight Kiefer maintaining
full bandwidth during a RDA
the rover has a belt-driven base which
minimizes the joints backlash the
shoulder is stiffer smaller and lighter
than last year's reducing flex
throughout the arm the wrist is a
compact joint with 3 degrees of freedom
which provides the dexterity needed to
succeed in the equipment servicing tasks
the final joint on the wrist provides
continuous rotation using a slip ring
for power in conjunction with wireless
links for control and camera feeds we
optimize the end effector to ensure it
can easily pick up objects push buttons
flip switches turn knobs open drawers
undo latches use a wrench and type on a
keyboard we have also made the end
effector compatible with two
screwdrivers one hex and one Phillips
which are mounted to the frame so they
can be picked up in the correct
orientation our software system utilizes
the robot operating system running on an
Nvidia justin tx2 it allows for tell
operation and configuration of camera
feeds as well as other operations to use
throughout the different missions during
the equipment servicing mission Artemis
will use inverse kinematics to make
complex movements easier to perform
during the autonomous traversal mission
we use a GPS system magnetic compass and
inertial measurements to navigate
towards the given GPS coordinates while
relying on the lidar to avoid obstacles
the rover uses computer vision to detect
the tennis ball the Jetson communicates
with the base station via a 2.4
gigahertz transceiver and a 900
megahertz transceiver with
omnidirectional antennas we aggregate
the 2 transceiver links into one
fault-tolerant channel that allows for
communication even when line-of-sight is
obstructed low-level control of motors
and sensors is provided by pic32
microcontrollers acting as a distributed
network connected by a canvas
a central communication board provides
the jetson access to the network via a
UART connection the distributed network
provides flexibility and redundancy by
allowing boards to be added and removed
and replaced freely this low collection
system has been redesigned to collect
saw using an auger and transport it to
the top of the rover using a conveyor
belt the conveyor belt feeds the soil
into the automatic regular testing
systems the testing system contains 36
individual soil banks filled with water
in a carousel like arrangement six boxes
for each of the six sites a can drive
system oscillates the carousel allowing
for flocculation of the soil and water
after flocculation chemical reactants
are released into the sample containers
to react with nutrients in organic
compounds qualitative color changes
observed through a camera determined the
presence or absence of traces of organic
life to analyze rocks we designed a 3d
printed wheel with five slots that limit
the passing of light to certain visible
light wavelength ranges Artemis takes
pictures of the rocks through these
filters which based on the average
reflectance values allow us to determine
the rocks mineral composition with a
focus on reliability we have a rigorous
testing plan the team is divided into
four testing teams one for each of the
you RC missions towards the end of the
semester we put both the rover and the
competition team
through to mount competitions Artemis
and the rest of the team are just about
ready for competition and we hope to see
you in Utah
