[Music]
and challenge ourselves in the upcoming
University logo Challenge and for this
past month we have worked our hardest to
design and build a Rover that will be
able to thrive and compete in this world
premiere robotics competition
our firm will use a robotic arm with
five degrees of freedom which allows it
to freely move in numerous directions to
ensure that each Mission will be carried
out properly our robotic arm was
constructed with an interchangeable and
effector that will be replaced depending
on the given Mission the soil sampler is
equipped with four slipper motor and to
layer type of equipment
collecting cell samples expect the
reflectance of soil samples were
obtained in the laboratory using ocean
fiber optics USB 4000 spectrometer this
is to determine the presence of clay
organic carbon and nitrogen cation
exchange capacity pH base saturation
exchangeable phosphorus potassium
calcium and magnesium these properties
include or indicate limiting factors for
Life the greater or lesser extent and
determine the kinds of dependent and
interacting biota in a particular soil
ecosystem
extracting using lightweight and robust
aluminum Extrusion material to ensure
reliable performance even in challenging
conditions we have included a
counterweight balancing mechanism on
both sides per our Arms This mechanism
operates like an inverted pendulum using
sensors to detect changes in the
vehicle's orientation and shifting its
way to maintain balance during inclines
and Southern Maneuvers the wheels that
have been selected for the University
rubber challenge are equipped with title
brush DC motors and constructed from
rubber material with a chevron pattern
in thread these features have been
carefully chosen to ensure the wheels
can navigate various terrains and
provide optimal performance in Practical
terms the PID control algorithm provides
precise and reliable control over the
speed of the wheels our software
development team utilizes Rose to Foxy
the remotely operate the Rubber and
perform autonomous navigation tests our
Rover is first simulated in reboot
wherein we train our reinforcement
learning based navigation behavior for
the autonomous navigation tasks our GUI
allows us to monitor the Rubber State
and allows for bottom assisted execution
of Roadster command we utilize opencv
with a connect Dev camera for detecting
and estimating the pulse of AR tag
localization is done through Fusion of
IMU and zrtk data in an extended common
filter an additional localization frame
is computed using visual automatically
with artem map in rows 2. in order to
ensure reliability in terms of range and
communication stability with maximum
data flow to the overhead vice versa our
Opera's communication system uses two
spectrums both of which use the 900
megahertz and 2.4 gigahertz license free
ISF frequency buttons with this
technology we can adjust a number of
factors to improve signal propagation in
the presence of line of sight non-line
oxide and environmental elevation
variations our roofer is equipped with
high performance 29.4 volt battery that
utilizes multiple battery modules a
battery management system that balances
the battery and continues to monitors
the battery's temperature voltage and
current levels to ensure Optimal
Performance the system also provides
real-time State and charge information
giving us the ability to monitor power
usage at all times
with any of the battery modules our
isolation energy configuration system
kicks into gear automatically replacing
the affected battery module with the
backup
this ensures uninterrupted operation
allowing us to stay focused on achieving
our mission and objectives without
having to worry about our issues
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
