[Music]
hi my name is Amelia and I'm Lewis and
we proudly present you our Robert T
tracks pig tracks consists of a six
wheel Mars rover with a six degrees of
freedom manipulator that makes possible
to deliver a wide variety of objects
perform equipment servicing tasks and to
carry out scientific procedures besides
a strong perception system for
autonomous navigation t-tracks consists
on a modified rocker boogie system that
allows for stable traversal across rough
terrain without damaging the rover the
rocker system was divided into two
individual suspensions with shock
absorbers to distribute impact more
effectively in comparison to our
previous Rover
[Music]
they will perform successfully on loose
soil uneven terrain smooth floors and
rocky obstacles due to our new wheel
design that consists of an aluminum and
rubber tire that increases the contact
surface and the traction on the terrain
using the six degrees of freedom of the
robotic arm the rover can efficiently
pick up and maneuver a variety of tools
up to five kilograms in weight if
necessary the rover can also carry
multiple objects by placing them on its
back plus an additional one on the
end-effector the rover architecture is
based on a state machine implemented on
a teensy 3.5 microcontroller it
communicates to the base station through
gonna throw net adapter we have tested
the antennas and obtained perfect
communication of tradition of 600 metres
we are currently using Ross to parse all
Roberts geometry the end effector has
three degrees of freedom that
successfully complete all the operations
stated for the equipment services desk
[Music]
the robotic arm can rotate 360 degrees
and extends to 85 centimeters making the
moments very simple for complex
operations such as lifting a catch a
sample and connecting disconnecting
power molex connectors in the following
weeks different designs of wrapping
tools will be tested to optimise DNF
factor at the end there is going to be
implemented and a specific end effector
for the delivery task and order for the
equipment
servicing tasks
[Music]
with the interface which lost a roller
part in real time which way leather use
for autonomous tasks I tried the
interface is a reference followed by it
consists of fire seller meters which tag
the position and purchases and the
suspension of anymore the panoramic
image is obtained by ultimate icing a
rotational IT camera
the result is filtered and using
attendant wall as a reference scale line
is created to represent the proportion
in the image the north is represented
with the data from the magnetometer
finally a PID controller is implemented
for each wheel using the encoders as
feedback lists ensure that when the
rubber receives a trajectory with a
specific angular and linear velocity it
can maintain that path in that enormous
tax we use a set camera to do the
simultaneous location and 3d mapping the
data obtained is processed by Ross
running in a Jetson tx2 port based on
the size of the rocks and texture of the
terrain we obtain a popsicle map a
navigation tool then interprets a muppet
area and camera input to plant the best
path using algorithms like destra to
travel to the ten GPS and tennis ball
markets using the objects color and form
a vision algorithm filters the image to
identify the technical then using the
amount of pixels of it the position and
distance with respect to the rubber is
obtained are represented in a trading
model in RVs in order to collect the
sample releasing a set of instruments
that can be alternated between a drill a
temperature and humidity sensor and a
sample collector that can store and seal
a sample of soil without danger of
contamination afterwards
various tests will be performed to the
returned sample these experiments
include pH and humidity measurements as
well as
of elements of importance such as carbon
and calcium a last detection of ATP via
bioluminescence reaction will be carried
out to detect the molecule hence the
person's of life
[Music]
you
