hi i am alexis the current president of
eagle aerobatics and my name is monica
the current vice president
and welcome to eaglex robotics
roberto is a mars rover that consists of
six wheels and a six dof robotic arm
which makes it possible to deliver a
wide variety of objects perform
equipment servicing tests and carry out
scientific procedures while having a
strong perception system for autonomous
navigation
the software architecture used for the
main transversal control is implemented
in the ros melodic and the raw neurotic
embedded and ubutu
18.04 and umutu 20.04 respectively
we used an nvidia jetson xavier as the
main control unit which is connected to
our motherboard that commands every
model throughout a microcontroller on an
internal network provided by the setup
of ubiquiti antennas
we implemented several manufacturing
technologies such as 3d printing water
jet cutting and cnc machining in order
to develop accurately the physical parts
of each task
the implementation of the control system
in a motherboard allows to reduce the
space required to implement the
different models which are related to
the mechanical part
with the help of simulations from past
years we can precisely determine the
robot's arm position direction and
trajectory by using vision direct and
inverse connects
with this we solve past problems that we
had with the depth of field perception
based upon previous robot designs a new
gripper design was chosen that is
similar to the one currently being used
this new gripper will have a more direct
approach that will improve its mobility
and reduce its weight with this gripper
and the robotic arm we expect that the
rover will be able to lift more than 8
kilograms
because of its simplicity we chose a
shovel attached at the end of the
robotic arm as the best way of
collecting a sample we can inspect the
soil with a microscope of changing
lenses
it will help us analyze the geological
composition of the soil before taking a
sample
this in order to identify minerals rocky
structures and components needed for
organic life
the sample will be collected and then
dispatched to the centrifuge and the
spectrophotometer
both in the back of the rover
the viability of soil to grow any life
form will be determined through the
analysis of ph nitrogen phosphorus and
potassium content by using a soil
testing kit to test the presence of an
organism in the sample proteins will be
analyzed as biosignatures through the
bradford protein test which has a
greater change of color in the
dissolution as the concentration of
proteins increases
a two-phase algorithm for autonomous
navigation is being developed in the
first phase the rover is able to
navigate from its current position to a
desired gps coordinate the second phase
will be activated when the rover is not
able to find the aruka code and will
therefore perform a sweep of its
surroundings in order to find the
desired target
regardless of where the algorithm is at
the river's top priority is to zone
safety so if it encounters an obstacle
or a dangerous terrain it will avoid it
similarly when an article code is
detected it will suspend gps navigation
and approach the target until it's less
than 50 centimeters away
you
