[Music]
we are high team Genesis and this is a
robber
[Applause]
in this opportunity we developed a
system using walls for control all of
the rubber subsystems such as dormitory
GPS computer vision autonomous
navigation and motor control we also
developed two computer vision
applications the first one is based on
the Deep perception of the physical
world using an integral sense deep
camera the second one uses 30
perceptions with webcams and opencb to
detect aruka makers for the autonomous
mission
furthermore we create a simulation using
gazebo anaerobics to validate our
autonomous navigation algorithm
control all of the rubber subsistence we
create a Rover control interface based
on our application developed in the slot
however is designed with Energy
Efficiency and rarity in mind
when we work on constructing our lithium
ion batteries we are using lip acid
batteries to power the rubber
temporarily
the rubber can function for Ops 1 hour
with these batteries
it has a kill button for emergencies and
a LED indicator in real soon the
operation mode
the rubber designs allows for easy
repairs with various microcontrollers
and voltage converters
protects against
our temperature and short circuits
these features make repairs average
allowing the rest of the rubber to keep
to keep functioning while the damage
part is being fixed or replaced the
science Mission will be approached using
four main system first the rubber
locates High biological industry science
with the assistance of environmental
sensors then the ground sample will be
connected with an undefined Ramesh that
will be refined with the assistance of
the rubber integrated breaker
our light detection process is divided
intrusive systems nucleic acid and
protein structure with an aspect of
odometer reading it is about to we will
have a sample that will help us with the
services are together with glass dips
these wavelengths were selected to
warranty an addiction of a commercial
under the Irreplaceable molecule that
terminates the life DNA also proteins
are amino acids are added to the list as
by Young molecules of Interest due to
air abundance and importance in
organisms
then the building Vortex system will
change into a centrifield allow it to
separate different components today it's
a very effectiveness of the detection of
DNA and proteins in soil under extreme
conditions activity and minimal
biological presence our methodology was
tested during two sessions at The
Institute of national of cardelohia
Ignacio Charles A Rose in average areas
are focused on creating educational
content for social media inspiring kids
and young people to take an interest in
Space Engineering and science ranging
from physics to biology we
workshops and conferences to primary
schools universities and even large
media events giving us the opportunity
to connect with people from diverse
backgrounds and sharing knowledge and
passion for science we're proud to say
that for outreach efforts with gain
enough financial backing allowing us to
finance and be a little rubber we
believe in sharing our knowledge and
experience to throw and Inspire younger
Generations that space in the space
Explorations are not our concepts are
within rich and accessible to everyone
[Music]
