my name is Robert and I'm the project
manager of the Harvard University rubber
team
over 20 undergraduates and I have been
working on a Mars rover for the
University Rover challenge over the past
year collectively we have 75 years of
experience in robotics and to best
organize our various abilities we split
into four sub teams Rover design Rover
II whoever CS and Rover builders now it
is my pleasure to introduce you to our
rope instead of the wheels you may
expect on a rover of this kind we
decided to give ours weights based on
the RHex design that was developed at
Penn and is currently being utilized by
Boston Dynamics a lot of people ask us
why we chose legs first legs provide us
with a greater mobility in climbing and
maneuvering in all types of terrain
second the legs that we are using are
going to be made of carbon fiber and a
nylon composite which allows them to be
incredibly strong while also being
extremely lightweight thirdly the
natural elasticity of the c-shaped legs
allows them to absorb a lot of the
impact as the rover is walking and
climbing this in turn allows us to
greatly simplify our chassis to create a
more durable and elegant design while
decreasing weight if you take a look at
our chassis we're using carbon fiber
tubes with 3d printed joints and carbon
reinforced panels I'm handing it over to
John to provide some more details on the
competition tasks so our Rovers
comprised many different electrical
subsystems these include things like the
sensory caches the motor drivers the
communications ray the main controllers
all these are designed to work fully
autonomously and separately from one
another to ensure that we have a robust
framework to build on
for the autonomous portion of the
competition we use an ultra precise GPS
with RTK technology which with the help
of our GPS ground station Kentucky is
precise position to sub centimeter level
accuracy and for obstacle avoidance we
use a lidar sensor that is continually
sweeping in 180-degree cone in front of
the rover with which we can detect any
insurmountable obstacle within 20 meters
of the rover alongside these systems and
our novel drivetrain and light design
we're really enabled to navigate over
any sort of harsh terrain without any
human input and stay incredibly close to
decide ejector ease for the retrieval
task you want to ensure that we have the
proper systems to complete the tasks
adequately to do this we design our
system with extremely high torque leg
motors and incredibly powerful arm
motors as well that allow us to retrieve
incredibly large payloads and transport
them quickly to their destination for
the equipment servicing tasks similarly
other tasks you want to make sure we're
approaching it from the right angle to
do this we design an extremely dexterous
robotic arm with six axes of rotational
freedom with finely controllable servo
motors with these motors we can have
very precise movement in the arm and
switch on or off extremely small levers
and switches thanks for watching and
remember for this rover every day is
like day
you
you
