[Music]
thank you
yes hi my name is Laura I'm the leader
of the impulse team from the Celta
University of Technology we've long been
involved in designing and building Mars
rovers and we've participated in several
International competitions with some
success we are a team of 15 divided into
five sub teams it's responsible for
different aspects of the current project
using the experience and knowledge
gathered during the previous URC events
we've improved our Rover according to
the requirements set for this year's
competition
science desk is to find out if there is
or has ever been life and soil sampled
in cedu all the experiments conducted by
the revolver will be observed in real
time for a high resolution onboard
camera equipped with a high
magnification zoom lens system the Rover
will collect surface soil autonomously
under sterile conditions then the
material will be analyzed
luminometrically by measuring its
bioluminescence which is the ability of
living organisms to emit light the
testing will involve the use of
alumidester and swabs containing the
necessary reagents this is a safe method
of solar analysis posing no risk of a
chemical spill
an NPK test will also be carried out to
measure the levels of nitrogen
phosphorus and potassium in the soil
sample to identify organic compounds or
microorganisms potentially present on
the site the Rover's onboard laboratory
is designed to sample surface material
and operate the lumit tester and the
syringes with reagents for the mpk test
our Mars Rover has 300 millimeter Wheels
each receiving a maximum torque of over
180 newton meters which allowed the
vehicle to Traverse challenging terrain
such as loose rocks Boulders and soft
sand
with a flexible suspension and a low
center of gravity Rover can cope with
slopes tilting up to 60 degrees
the full HD onboard cameras help the
operator see differences in color and
pattern to be able to select the right
object from a set of similar objects
even small in size the cameras are also
well suited to read messages on a
display or a small sign
the Rover uses a GPS based system to
accurately reach a designated point we
have also developed an application to
visualize the Rovers wrapped on the
computer screen
the sixth degree of Freedom manipulator
is driven by brush DC motors integrated
with strain wave gears the use of PID
controllers high torque and a special
gripper allows for fast and precise
handling of various objects
the manipulator offers a high degree of
application flexibility it is able to
lift objects more than 5 kilograms in
weight and it can easily perform precise
tasks such as activating switches
operating a keyboard or driving screws
with a hand screwdriver the
manipulator's control system employs
inverse kinematic algorithms the
semi-automatic mode of operation is
useful for more demanding tasks ensuring
they are done with greater ease and
speed
there's a set of analog cameras
responsible for delivering real-time
images from the site with little or no
lag at all
for this year's competition we've
improved the autonomous navigation
system which consists of the vision and
positioning subsystems the positioning
system uses readings from the drives the
compass the accelerometer and the
differential GPS
we've developed a special application
with the map of the site to be used for
planning the Rover's route based on GPS
coordinates and for including
information on the position of AR tag
markers and obstacles detected on the
way
all the data are sent to the robot so
that they can follow the desired route
with high Precision the vision system is
equipped with free full HD cameras as
ADD stereo camera and an Nvidia module
where we've implemented an AR tag
detection and recognition algorithm to
determine the Rover's precise position
and orientation relative to a physical
marker
the Rover uses two methods to detect
obstacles one involves using 3D Point
clouds from the stereo camera and a
euclidean clustering algorithm the order
is a lighter based method employing an
a-star search algorithm
the telemetric data the layout of the AR
tag markers and the robots route are all
visualized on the screen the Rover's
onboard systems will produce visual
signs and transmit messages to the base
station to provide information about
autonomous navigation or task completion
as you can see building a Mars Rover
means tweaking the mechanical structure
and testing the algorithms endlessly
that's why we need to keep on developing
our skills and knowledge projects like
this take a lot of commitment and many
hours of hard work but they are an
opportunity to broaden our Horizons and
exchange experience internationally with
the best teams from all over the world
so now what we need is just luck
[Music]
[Music]
