team inferno dtu is a group of 40 highly
motivated undergraduate students from
delhi technological university india for
better management the team has been
divided into five sub
namely mechanical electrical software
science and culture overcoming the
impediments of previous iterations this
year we are proud to present our latest
rover novus
os is equipped with a double rocker
suspension which provides better
mobility than the conventional rocker
boogie suspension to ensure maximum
contact between the wheels and the
surface at all times
novus is equipped with a custom double
locker suspension that provides better
mobility than the conventional rocker
bogey suspension ensuring maximum
contact between the wheels and the
surface at all times considering the
spatial constraints a bar differential
mechanism has been pivoted at the base
near the center of mass for better
stability and control this theory of
design and fabricated custom wheels
consisting of a layer of acrylic sheet
followed by rubber foam and a final
layering of traits for better traction
control it helps surpass obstacles up to
30 centimeter high we have designed a 6
degree of freedom robotic manipulator
that is equipped with a carbon fiber
links providing high strength to weight
ratio worm gears are housing gearboxes
preventing them from disengaging further
the linear actuators have been finalized
so as to provide better mobility of the
arm
the embedded subsystems of novus have
been designed to maximize efficiency and
compactness
a modular electrical box has been
manufactured to provide easy access to
all the electrical components and also
robustness to all the electrical
connections
the intelligently selected kill switch
mechanisms provide with a foolproof
safety system for the whole electrical
and electronic subsystem the custom
designed pcb bring modularity to the
oral system by eliminating the
possibility of connection failure due to
the movement of the arm and optimizing
the merit of the fire two lithium
polymer batteries or 16000 mh east
boasts up to the 90 minutes of runtime
to successfully establish connection
between the jetson nano and the
microcontrollers the raw serial library
has been used the joystick has been
mapped for smooth rover control the ros
navigation stack has been used in
conjunction with our priority-based
algorithms to provide autonomous
traversal capabilities to the rover the
ros navigation stack receives obstacle
detection data the air tech detection is
being done using airlock package which
is lost package and according
instructions is being passed to the
rover when the air tag is detected the
rover moves on to the next given gps
coordinate the inverse kinematics model
is being used in which ros framework
move it is used to allow final movements
in the robotic arm for maneuvering and
repairing tasks there are three usb
webcams mounted on the arm which are
providing live camera feed on the base
station for controlling using joystick
the rover's orientation and precise
location on difficult terrain are
provided by imu and gps the encoded
ticks from motor encoders are utilized
to provide odometry data for the
construction of a 2d cost map using
mathematical equation
the waypoints recorded from the
combination of gps and imu are passed to
move base node for the completion of
autonomous navigation missions kinect is
being used for depth sensing for
creating a 3d cost map helping us in
obstacle avoidance and path planning to
reach the goal
the science task aims to perform and
analyze a given sample of soil using a
plethora of chemical tests and sensors
in order to detect the presence and
absence of them
our module is powerful enough to detect
the presence or absence of biomarkers in
real time our test includes a
spectrophotometer analysis of soil as
well as thermal imaging and ir scanning
to examine soil structure and
composition
the biggest challenge with these
missions is the need for rapid results
that determine whether or not life
exists keeping these requirements in
mind we have selected chemical tests to
examine molecules such as starch
sulfates lipids dna and ammonia to
determine whether or not basic life
exists a microscope of high resolution
is also used to detect earthworms and
closely examine the soil texture
novus is outfitted with gas sensors such
as co2 co methane and oxygen since light
carbon molecules are volatile and are
likely to be present in any life form
the tests are also backed up by ph
analysis which will help us to see the
overall habitability of the soil
novus testing strategy is divided into
three phases pre-production
post-production and optimization
we used simulation softwares like ansys
proteus and gazebo to optimize our
design throughout the pre-manufacturing
stage we employed the rover's subsystems
independently for post manufacturing
testing and evaluated them in a
simulated environment at our college
facility
by employing novus in all conceivable
urc missions as part of the optimization
process we were able to reduce the
discrepancies between design and
practicality
