[Music]
hello this is team attendant from
independent university bangladesh
presenting our attendant version two for
URC 2018
[Music]
precise machining using laser and CNC
helped us to make robust wheels which
weighs less than a kilogram each
[Music]
after comprehensive study of Terra
mechanics we chose a peak point for our
wheel dimension that maintains perfect
balance between durability speed and
portability
[Music]
we handcrafted a few critical components
to maintain our design workflow with our
previous experience in hand we've built
a tendon version - which boasts more
compact design and functional
improvements every single components
were designed and simulated prior
fabrication using a combination of
aluminum and stainless steel we were
able to build the entire frame and
counter link suspension which are strong
but lightweight and of course
significant weight reduction aids and
Rovers portability
a robotic arm comprises six degrees of
freedom as last time
[Music]
but this time the star of the show is
our implementation of automation by
inverse kinematics
[Music]
a mix of off-the-shelf modules with
custom-made PCBs drive our Rover
flawlessly
[Music]
for autonomous traversal we have
upgraded our software mainframe
significantly with artificial
intelligence and collision detection
added to its core we have also improved
our polynomial path generation algorithm
for better GPS tracking and navigation
person√≠s das has been divided into three
parts
visual atmospheric and biological apart
from a comprehensive understanding of
the soils to dig raphy we have designed
algorithmic system for an onboard
analysis of the static graphic profile
[Music]
our biological analysis will focus on
the presence of any form of life found
in the soil for a practice test we have
collected samples from the wheels of our
Rover this is followed by isolation and
biochemical tests such as methyl red and
voc prosecutor to categorize microbes
found for the atmospheric part we are
testing the UV flux and percentage of
specific gases present in the air an
advanced approach to analysis includes
spectrophotometry to examine the
concentration of microbial life present
in our soil sample
[Music]
this time again we tested our Rover to
its full capabilities in our own version
of Utah which is just five kilometers
away from our campus
our strategy and mindset was to set up
the base station under 15 minutes which
we achieved with flying colors our 30
meter long antenna cable and diverse
antenna allowed us to maintain constant
radio feed up to 1.2 kilometers without
line-of-sight
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we have learned from our mistakes while
competing in the UFC last year rest
assured we are coming back stronger
