our team is a part of university
robotics association knr which operates
at the Faculty of power and aeronautical
engineering and the Warsaw University of
Technology our main focus is to design
and build highly advanced robots after
several years of carrying out successful
projects such as load balancing robots
autonomous car and electronics for
Hyperloop pod we decided to raise the
bar and use our experience in mobile
robotics to design a rover for you RC
competition our Rover is designed as a
multi-purpose modular robot based on
agile and robust mobile platform which
can be equipped with wide range of
modules that enable it to perform
various tasks we mounted our
construction on a rocker-bogie
suspension perfect for traversing
demanding terrain we were focused on
reducing the weight of the vehicle and
that influenced our choice of materials
as primary structural materials for a
robot
we chose ABS 3d prints combined with
aluminum sheet metal which led to
durable and lightweight structure
moreover 3d prints act not only as
structural elements but also guarantee
dust and waterproof enclosure for all
major components
[Music]
the wheels are substantial elements of
Hamas Rover they have to provide
reliable traction dumping and durability
while maintaining low weight having many
years of experience with mobile robotics
we decided to create our own tailor-made
electronics based on stm32
microcontrollers onboard system is
divided into independent fully
functional modules which communicate
with each other via canvas that
guarantee not only failure free
operation but also easy replacement of
modules all subsystems are controlled by
mainboard it communicates with the
operator by a 2.4 gigahertz wireless
bridge based on industrial class Wi-Fi
routers this structure of main onboard
systems was earlier thoroughly tested on
a prototype of our Rover in order to
ensure safety of our construction it has
been equipped with diagnostic utilities
monitoring all vital components of the
Rover our power management system allows
us to independently cut off power from
individual subsystems that gives us an
ability to shut down high-power circuit
without disabling logic a useful feature
during testing as well as in case of any
failure to ensure safety with lipo
battery operation special battery
management system was developed which
monitors every cell voltage and
temperature
[Music]
although our mobile platform is
versatile its capabilities are limited
to traversing and exploring terrain to
widen the scope of its possibilities a
six degree of freedom manipulator
capable of lifting up to five kilograms
could be attached to a river using fast
mounting system in order to allow the
operator to focus on perform tasks
inverse kinematics control system was
implemented which enables us to operate
in tool based coordinate system on top
of the manipulator sits a two-finger
adaptive gripper that can handle objects
of any shape hardness or size for the
science tasks in place of the
manipulator we mount the science module
designed to collect samples using
drilling platform at the selected site
of sampling we will measure the
subsurface temperature moisture and pH
of the soil onboard cameras will capture
the stratigraphic profile thanks to an
oblong slit in our drilling bed the lab
analysis consists of detecting nitrate
potassium and phosphate ions in the
collected sample in order to detect life
we shall perform an ATP detection test
due to the complexity of autonomous
traversal tasks we decided to split it
into three smaller subsystems the first
element is processing the video faith
using deep neural network to determine
difficulty of the terrain as well as to
spot hazardous obstacles the second one
is to detect markers tennis balls using
OpenCV framework the last element is to
find the best route based on GPS
coordinates inertial navigation system
and with the support of data collected
during previous tasks relying on Landsat
images we are able to predefined
difficult areas we can wait to test our
construction rgu RC
