[Music]
we are a part of university robotics
association K&R which operates at the
Faculty of power and aeronautical
engineering at the Warsaw University of
Technology the main focus of our
association is to design and build
highly advanced robots for international
competitions including an autonomous car
a humanoid robot and many smaller mobile
robots last year we managed to qualify
for you RC finals at our very first
attempt we have gained a lot of
experience lands some very important
lessons and now we are proud to say that
we are ready for the USC 2019 our Rover
is designed as a modular robot based on
an agile and robust mobile platform we
chose a rocker-bogie suspension which
has proven to be more than suitable for
traversing demanding terrain at you RC
competition
[Music]
for almost two years we have been
developing our own wheels looking for
the best solution to provide both
traction and damping for this year's
edition we have prepared yet another
iteration of our design our wheels are
going to be made of lightweight
polyethylene foam combined with durable
rim from aluminum and 3d prints the
tread has been designed specifically for
rocker-bogie suspension to allow better
turning
[Music]
to improve cooling and accessibility we
have redesigned our chasis it now has an
air tunnel equipped with fans to allow
better airflow through engine drivers we
have also created whole new electronics
system that is more reliable it will be
able to conduct higher currents be
protected against surges and the heat
will be dissipated from the system more
effectively to compete at extreme
delivery and retrieval as well as
equipment servicing missions are over
uses a six degree of freedom manipulator
capable of lifting up to five kilograms
with inverse kinematics implemented the
team has been redesigning components in
order to make it lighter stiffer and
more precise
[Music]
for our science module we have decided
to use a rotating brush instead of a
drill to collect a surface sample
collected sample is mixed with water and
then using a system of water pumps pipes
and valves our filtrate is split between
several colorimetric tests that detect
peptide bindings nucleate acids and
carbohydrates to obtain better accuracy
in color observers we are going to use a
photo spectrometer of our own
construction in order to accomplish the
autonomous Traverse emission Arava will
go to the given GPS coordinates and
start searching the niba area for marker
location information is acquired from
GPS and IMU to ensure safety of our
Rover we use Landsat images to
predefined no-go zones for marker
detection we have decided to use OpenCV
followed by deep neural networks about
that we use lidar for close proximity
obstacle avoidance
[Music]
we cannot wait to participate again see
you at the URC
[Music]
