the suspension system consists of a
multi-link suspension of our own
production the suspension has been
designed tested and constantly improved
the front upper swing arms are heavier
and stronger than the rear upper ones
and each lower swing arm is heavier and
stronger than its corresponding upper
one this provides a better way to
strength ratio every multi arm is
assisted by a spring shock absorber two
types of Springs are available for use
soft perfect for hard rock climbing Hart
adapted for driving on a flat ground the
drive unit consists of four independent
engines one for each wheel
two operators are required to control
the rover we use a gamepad to control
the manipulator and joystick to drive
the rover we can observe three cameras
simultaneously and eight cameras provide
good visibility of the environment
in the new version of the manipulator we
focused mainly on reduction of backlash
in the whole construction increasing
precision of movement and functionality
to achieve this we slightly altered the
shape of the arm and choose different
gears for the six degrees of freedom to
rotate manipulator
we used helical gear based on
construction of a tooth treif for the
lower arm of the manipulator we will use
a two-stage cycloidal gear box which was
made by us to move the upper part of the
manipulator we decided to use a proven
solution of mechanical servo motors
powered by light gear motors most parts
of the manipulator were made of
duralumin which is light and durable
Ally we use 3d printers to create
prototypes as well as functional parts
of the rover every part of the rover is
designed using CAD software printed by
us or manufactured by the companies we
work with before being field tested if
the part passes all the tests it is
implemented into the rover we also use
CAD software to check the functionality
of all our new mechanism as well as for
stress simulation the algorithm which
are currently being implemented are able
to detect and decode a attacks they also
estimate each attack position and an
approximate distance the cameras used
during the autonomous task are located
on a special handle it allows the rover
to peek over low Hills without the need
of for additional relocation the
autonomous program is a unique
functionality of ours it has been
developed by our IT section over the
past two years
we are currently implementing
differential buses between models to
increase Rover versality thanks to this
we can modify the rover depending on the
task
satella radio modem allows for a working
ranch
up to one kilometer a new kind of
batteries ensure a satisfying working
life each of the five electronics
sections have their own supply to
increase reliability to ensure proper
communications of ideas we host two
weekly meetings during these meetings we
discuss our new designs and try to solve
the problems we have encountered we also
use platters like Trello to improve our
cooperations biological research
consists of two swab tests the first one
is a test to detect the presence of
proteins it detects a minimum of twenty
micrograms of proteins in ten minutes
one minute detects a minimum of 80
micrograms of proteins this is a
colorimetric test where yellow indicates
no proteins and green indicates positive
results
the second test determines viability it
consists of ATP ADP a MP measurement the
analyzes takes several minutes a swab
test containing the luciferase enzyme
will be used for this purpose the
luminometer used in the study has a
reactivity from 10 to 15 times higher
than standard luminometer due to this
detection of a MP
you
