for this year's competition are a
manipulator features 6 degrees of
freedom which allows it to carry out
necessary tasks it is powered by DC
brush motors the new version of the
manipulator features a new design which
is made from three millimeters thick
aluminum we have also replaced its main
gearbox which is responsible for
movement of the upper stage our new
design features a wider range of
operation and smaller weight the new
robotic arm allows you to easily switch
between two different tools mounted on
the tip of the manipulator allowing it
to perform different tasks the standard
gripper is designed to catch objects
weighing up to 5 kilograms but it can
also perform more precise operations
such as inserting a plug into a wall
the science task creeper helps us
collect soil samples for the lab module
on board the Rover the control signal
for the models is produced on a Common
Board which minimizes the space required
a program created in C can modify the
rotation speed and direction of the arms
and calculates a proper Duty Cycles to
make it easier to implement variable
speed operation the control signals of
the device are sent to the model drivers
which then individually controls every
motor the user can select the
appropriate position of the upper arm or
rotation of the whole arm by controlling
the joystick
[Music]
[Music]
repeat
[Music]
[Music]
um
[Music]
our electronic system is controlled via
an application deployed on gnu Linux
system Teemo version of the application
allows user to observe parameters such
as GPS coordinates the states of
unirover circuit board and angle values
obtained from IMU sensor operator is
able to save current coordinates with a
use of set home button if necessary
operator can hit emergency stop to make
Rover return back to the previously
saved coordinates LED indicators are
informing the user whether Rover is
controlled manually or autonomously in
manual mode Drive is controlled via
joystick desktop application is reading
it and sending proper messages via radio
Trans Receiver to the vehicle computer
on board of the vehicle is receiving
messages and sending instruction via USB
interface to electronic boards
responsible for low level functions
Rover is able to avoid obstacles using
leader sensor and fuzzy regulator for
the science task our team has created
the lab module consisting of the main
apparatus and four separate subsystems
where each of them is using different
research method before the soil sample
is collected and during the collection
process pictures are taken using
microscope and Camera the collected
sample is stored in the upper part of
the main apparatus and then it is
transferred using gravity to three
separate containers once the samples are
placed in the respected Chambers on the
Rover stack a series of tests is
performed using individual test methods
like pH measurements chemical analysis
and color metric analysis simultaneous
execution of the tests allows for a
shorter measurement times which
translates into greater efficiency in
addition based on the results obtained
our team is able to determine with high
degree of accuracy whether there is or
was the presence of life forms in the
collected sample good design and high
quality manufacturing ensure durability
of the main apparatus and provides the
high efficiency to the entire lab module
