please
hi we are Lehigh University space
missionary we are newly formed team from
Lehigh University in Bethlehem
Pennsylvania we're excited to introduce
you to our 2023 World Cup our team has
25 active members divided into five
subsystems Drive chassis suspension or
DCS robotic arm electrical and
Communications vehicle software and
science even though this is our first
Rover our team designed the sixth wheel
rocker Boogie Driveline system with
Advanced six degrees of freedom robotic
arm as well as an efficient science
module our Rover suspension system
standard Mission proven rocker Bogey and
differential system the system is
constructed from water jetted quarter
inch aluminum and one-inch carbon fiber
tubes held together by Steel bolts for
our chassis we are using 1 16 inch
aluminum this connects to the suspension
through a steel differential bar and
rods within the chassis our mounts
organizing the various electrical
components for our Rover for our
Driveline configuration we chose to use
six rev Neo brushless DC members these
motors are connected through sparksmax
Motors controllers
the six Motors give us the ability to
maneuver rugged and uneven Terrain our
wheels are SLS printed out of nylon
because of the material and inner design
of our Wheels we are able to fully
support the weight of the Rover the
robotic arm is a six degree of Freedom
mechanic mechanic system comprising of
three joints with two Motors at each
joint all connected by two carbon fiber
tubes
starting from the bottom the base
consists of a custom planetary gear
s during stationary Planet gears and one
Sun Gear all driving a rotating ring
gear connected to the shoulder
the shoulder has a 3D printed SLA resin
part that attaches to a brushed motor
with a 977 to 1 planetary gearbox and
built-in encoder the following elbow and
wrist ruins each contain two motors for
both pitch and roll movement
connected to the wrist is the end
effector which is composed of two 3D
printed grippers attached to a two
output shaft gearbox that is driven by a
bring smart 12 volt DC motor one of the
grippers includes a linear actuator
allowing for accurate pressing and
screwing each cripper has a 3D printed
TPU pad allowing for flexible secure
clasping of various objects for accurate
and precise movement of the arm we will
be implementing inverse kinematics for
easy user interface controls
our team has developed a science module
to search for the presence of life and
soil by measuring catalysts and enzyme
found in all aerobic life
to efficiently gather the samples the
module is equipped with soil sample
collecting system featuring swappable
augers and movement two axes once
collected the soil is transported to
erodable Cache used in the series of
peristaltic pumps ensuring precise and
reliable transfer in the cachet soil is
analyzed through a custom Spectra
photometer and chemical process which
first adds hydrogen peroxide to solution
Cobalt bicarbonate is then added to
inducing color change that can be
measured by the vector kilometer
calibration curves have been developed
in lab to ensure the accuracy of all
measurements the science module is also
equipped with high resolution geocham in
Iraq database which will allow us to
capture detailed images and valuable
information about the potential fluid
we have a 12 volt electrical system
powering our main Rover Electronics
which comprise of six Spark Max motor
controllers which power our Neo
brushless DC motors for our drivetrain
we have a separate 24 volt electrical
system which Powers our robotic arm
which comprises of four stepper Motors
two DC motors and the servo
for Rover computers we have two
Raspberry Pi's an Nvidia Jetson which
acts as our main rubber computer all the
computers are connected over a local
network and that network is connected to
our base station through a rocket M2
radio system which allows us to control
and command the Rover from up to a
kilometer away
as for software we have a system which
is built on top of Ros as a base for
architecture and Communications
we have developed a custom system to
remotely distribute and recompile all
over software wirelessly over the
network at the touch of a button
the base station uses a UI built in C
plus with the ability to send commands
weak back Telemetry and view a live
camera feed the base station is also
complete with the system which pings all
Rover computers and the radio constantly
to monitor the Network Health into
typically diagnose problems
our autonomous system comprises of
several cameras able to recognize and
identify ruko tags and a lidar and GPS
system with these systems we will be
able to autonomously travel to
coordinates find posts and go through
Gates our team is developing an inverse
kinematic system with movement to
control our robotic arm this allows for
the arm to have precise position control
through extensive testing and Vehicle
Systems verification we're confident
that our team will be able to excel
during the series of absorber challenge
thank you see you in Utah
thank you
[Music]
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
