Liberty University Vanguard projects
mission for the Mars Society University
Rover challenge
the communication system for the rover
is broken down into two main sections
video transmission from the rover to the
base station and a two-way channel for
transmitting commands to the rover and
receiving data from the rover the video
transmission will be accomplished using
a commercially available video
transmitter and receiver such as the
ones used for fpv drones the two-way
control channel will be implemented
using a custom radio designed and built
by our team we will be using frequency
shift keying to modulate binary data
onto the carrier wave allowing us to
directly transmit commands from the base
station microcontroller to the
microcontroller on the rover to ensure
our signal has sufficient range we will
design the FSK modules to operate using
amateur radio frequencies preferably
between 144 and 148 megahertz or 420 to
450 megahertz
since multiple of our team members hold
amateur radio licenses using amateur
frequencies is an acceptable option that
should give us increased transmit range
and reliability
the programming team has worked closely
with the electronics team to design the
electronics in a very modular fashion
this allows changes to the electronic
subsystem of the rover if needed without
significant changes in the code the
system is broken down into one master
and several subsystems with each
subsystem handling all the details which
are abstracted from master the
subsystems will then interface directly
with the sensors and motors allowing the
master to solely focus on the task of
controlling the entire rover as a
singular system with the master
subsystem communication taking place
through an abstracted interface
the mechanical system uses a partial
rocker-bogie like system that is
attached to an 80/20 aluminum extrusion
frame the motors and gearboxes are then
bolted directly to the legs allowing us
to keep the highly inductive motors away
from the more sensitive electrical
equipment in the main body each motor
ways 4.5 pounds with a 3.5 pound gearbox
and a two-pound tire system using six
legs this allows us to keep over 60% of
the total weight in the bottom 1/3 of
the rover the tire system is designed
using off-the-shelf tires that were
designed for Electric mini motorcycles
allowing us to obtain high-performance
tires at low cost
they were then split in half and notched
to fit around and our aluminum spoke and
then filled with an open-cell foam for
added rigidity and to keep the tires
from filling with rocks the result was
high traction low cost and low weight
the arm was then mounted on a lazy susan
bearing with two arm segments allowing
it to reach down to the ground and up to
a height of 1.5 meters
on consideration when evaluating the
rover design was that it must be modular
reliable and functional the primary
design choices for the Power
Distribution and computational systems
were driven by the need to
compartmentalize the design across an
entire team this allows us to have
multiple people work in parallel
secondary to this we stressed
reliability and choosing components that
are either designed for extreme
conditions certified for use on the
International Space Station or derating
components far under the rated capacity
the operating voltage of approximately
21 volts allows for efficient power
regulation but also the power required
by the drive system our drive system
consists of six 250 watt electric motors
and pulls about nine amps at minimum
power and about 60 amp at full power our
battery system is capable of a hundred
amps per battery at five point five amp
hour we also plan to run six batteries
in parallel for maximum runtime our
motor controllers are automotive grade
and certified for extreme environments
and mechanical strain on the die of the
chip they also include our voltage over
current and over temperature protection
the science plan for the rover is to
switch out our main hand on the rover
for a special Spade scoop shovel
outfitted with a container for holding
soil and a lidar sensor to test for
proper depth candidate locations for
soil sampling will be found by taking
atmospheric readings for carbon dioxide
temperature humidity and radiation after
determining a suitable location we dig
down and collect a sample and place it
into individual soil containers that
will be inside the testing unit on the
rover this whole science unit can then
be sealed off to direct
cross-contamination once in the
containers we can run the onboard tests
for radiation pH and moisture because
these tests don't contaminate the soil
we have clean samples for base station
testing where we can run more intensive
tests
you
