foreign
[Music]
for the University Rover challenge 2023.
the team comprises of 46 undergraduate
students segregated in different
subsystems based on their specialization
in their respective Fields our team's
social Outreach is primarily emphasized
on improving access and equity in
education empowering young minds and
making a positive impact on the society
these efforts are Central to our work at
mrm and we remain committed to making a
meaningful difference each and every day
this year we focus primarily on
designing and fabricating a 6D of
robotic manipulator and made further
announcements to a novel track system
the update right system features petg
and tp3 printed views which reduce
weight and provide design flexibility
the wheel comprises a three-quarter
floating assembly featuring revamped
motor casings and multi-stage Battery
gearboxes our custom fiber suspension
delivers optimal ground conformability
the reconfigurable torsion spring
assemblies allow for variation in Spring
constants ensuring wheel to ground
contact Additionally the suspension can
be articulated to fit into required
Dimensions the space stream chassis is
manufactured using aluminum tube to
maximize rigidity providing a sturdy
amount for auxiliary robot modules the
robotic arm features a soil base
comprising a worm gearbox iteratively
designed to minimize backlash and
prevent back Drive the link of the arms
are powered by coaxial home assemblies
allowing for reduced rotation movement
of inertia and increased range of motion
that enables Towing during traversal the
end effector consists of a lead screw
based gripper powered by viable
differential that facilitates which
enroll motion for extreme delivery
Mission the water vessel has been tested
at multiple sites consisting of Rocky
fields and Sandy slopes private training
involves speaking of pillows of varying
specifications and delivering them to
specified locations accompanied by
remote truck analysis using a GUI to
keep the robotic arm in a stable
configuration during traversal this year
we customized our software stack that
allows seamless switching between drive
mode and reach mode a six-do of robotic
arm system has been upgraded to 3r
inverse kinematics using Imus that
significantly improve accuracy and
precision within its workspace the
Sensor Fusion algorithm calculates the
end effector's position allowing us to
set soft limits to avoid a state of
Singularity the motor on each joint are
controlled by a PID algorithm to achieve
the desired angular values and end
position adding encoders to the End
effector Motors has given us great
control over the bevel gear differential
we have practiced typing commands on the
keyboard toggling switches inserting a
memory stick into a USB slot operating a
joystick tightening Allen head Fasteners
and inserting a cache container into a
tight fitting drones to increase our
performance in the equipment servicing
Mission a Rover incorporates custom PCB
models that can be stacked reducing
space requirements and improving Cable
Management we switch to the esp32
microcontroller for its high clock
frequency reducing communication stack
overhead on the main application
processor a kill switch is strategically
placed on the Rover for immediate
emergency shutdown of all Rover
operations for the science Mission we
have implemented four chemical assays to
detect the presence of extinct and
extract life the updated science module
features a new lead screw based auger to
collect soil samples while avoiding
cross-contamination the auger is covered
with the support lead that has eliminate
any aestheticity in rotation
improvements include the integration of
walls to prevent contamination between
compartments and a guide for the
peristaltic pump tubes to deliver
chemicals the tree houses a detachable
container that can be closed using the
over to facilitate sample retrieval this
year we have implemented a fluorometer
to perform fluorescence-based assays for
biomarker detection we test for
carbonates to signify extreme life we
have also added a test for labile carbon
and a protein assay to test for extant
life our road also houses a sensor Suite
consisting of seven sensors for
habitability analysis the spectral
sensor is used to analyze the chemical
composition of the soil the microscope
allows for a close examination of the
rocks to identify textures and Crystal
structures a custom log database has now
been integrated to a CNN for more
accurate identification we have
developed a GUI using piqt to receive
and visualize sensor data at the base
station Ross framework is used to
transmit image feed while always is used
for visualization for the autonomous
machine a Jetson Annex and a Raspberry
Pi act as onboard processing units the
Z2 stereo camera and the lidar are used
for perception differential GPS has been
implemented by setting up an anti-rip
server to transmit rtcm messages between
the GPS sensors on the base station and
the Rover localization uses fuel sensor
data from the Z2 3D lidar and the IMU
obtained using an unscented carbon
filter for smooth operation and robust
obstacle avoidance a custom sigmoid
controller has been developed for
different autonomous States aruco tags
are detected on stereo images using the
perspective endpoints algorithm for
accurate pose estimation post and gate
traversal is achieved by localizing the
Rover on the map the base station and
the Rover use sector and omnidirectional
antennas that operate on 2.4 gigahertz
to send commands and receive feedback
and 5 gigahertz to receive the video
feed from the Rover the Rover can
operate up to one kilometer in line of
sight and 800 meters in non-line of
sight conditions
