are the wheels flashing right
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh that one will just slide on the
ground cat it'll catch on the carpet
[Music]
[Music]
because for doing something like having
an LED this academic year
Mavericks mechanical team we designed
the chassis and electrical box with
modularity in mind in previous years we
noticed that iterative improvements on
the rover were excessively difficult so
this year we sought to make the chassis
and electrical box as modular as
possible to help with future expansion
this year maverick has completely
redesigned their soil collection and
analysis system samples will be
collected using a long tube that will
drill 20 centimeters into the ground
resulting in up to 12 5 centimeter tall
soil cores that will then be distributed
into the soil core collection box this
year our sensors include a temperature
sensor a moisture sensor and a homemade
thermal infrared spectrometer based on
the ones used on remote sensing
satellites
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay whoa takes us against that Mars
rain
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
