hello we are the Iowa State University
Grover team Maverick we're
our arm has seen significant Improvement
since last year in its Precision of
movement the armed shoulder pan axis is
supported by an igus blue bearing that
supports a 3 000 Newton Dynamic radial
loading this is now driven with a belt
system that increases our gear ratio to
526 allowing for slower rotation and
reducing the height of the assembly
overall together these provide a smooth
and precise action the shoulder pitch
now runs on an 8 000 to 1 direct drive
gearbox from a 10 000 RPM brushless
motor the massive gear reduction in
direct drive give the arm an ample
strength to lift 5 kilograms of mass and
minimize the backlash of the system the
elbow is a time-tested worm gear
assembly
the wrist uses two small high torque
Motors to actuate the rotation in pinch
and the slip ring has been implemented
our previously Deployable hook has been
upgraded to a new static of the
increases precision and control when
attempting to lift caches
the Rover is able to maneuver up to the
cache position the hook underneath the
handle and then lift weights up to 5
kilograms this works in combination with
different end effectors allowing us to
maximize efficiency by tailoring the
manipulator to the submission specific
tasks for example our extreme retrieval
and delivery end Factor uses an offset
hooked grip to allow easy rope pickup it
is also wide enough to allow larger
items like a water bottle tool handles
and other rounded objects be picked up
and securely helped our suspension
members have been redesigned to more
reliably hold up to the adverse train we
found in competition
they are now constructed of G10
fiberglass composite members and carbon
fiber petg joinery this redesign has a
focus on repairability and reusability
the majority of each suspension members
parts are interchangeable and identical
from each other decreasing the need for
Unique spare parts at competition our
custom 10-inch TPU Wheels aim to
increase the ground clearance of our
motor enclosures to prevent clipping
obstacles passing underneath the Rover
these wheels enable navigating through
Rock sand and gravel based trains and
different weather conditions while
maintaining their integrity better than
our previous 8-inch design
also been working on the new drivetrain
with an electrical and software upgrade
in the form of Spark Max escs Neo 550
bltc mode
by using internally encoded bldc Motors
we are able to precisely control the
rotational velocity by modulating the
power sent to each wheel individually
based on feedback we call this linear
velocity our autonomous system takes
data from multiple sensors such as the
GPS IMU and cameras to calculate the
geodesic path between the current
position and the next waveform
autonomous State machine gives the Rover
several options for navigating its
such as Idle turn towards Waypoint drive
towards Waypoint and Bank towards weapon
drive towards Waypoint function allows
the Rover to self-correct while
traveling which is another Advantage the
new drivetrain provides for us
our custom control Library allows us to
choose between several different modes
when positioning the rover go for it
the Maverick science system utilizes ATP
illuminometry protein detection and
careful visual inspection to indicate
potential signs of extant extinct and no
life
the arm component allows us to easily
Place sample plates into the soil the
dust and soil covered plates can then be
retrieved and swapped a swap is then
grabbed from its folder and wiped across
the sample plate to accumulate minute
debris the soil swab is reinserted into
its test tube our system will then
transfer to the swab and place it into
the luminometer before it will be
analyzed the luminometer will return
value and when indefinitively say that
any rlu over 10 has 18p presence and
thus there are signs of extant life
a near identical process will be
repeated for tests with protein however
the luminometer will not be needed a
visual inspection from our cameras will
suffice to determine whether or not
proteins are present in the sample based
on the color of the solution in the swap
a purple color is produced using bright
reaction
how about we I'll try to splice it there
a purple color is produced using a
was pronounced I can't figure out it's
some French word yep
keep forgetting how it's pronounced
urine
okay
sure
a purple color is produced using a buret
reaction when proteins are present
multiple high definition cameras are on
board the Rover with zooming
functionality to closely observe Rock
and soil samples for signs of extinct
life
after a conclusion is made on which
sample is likely to be seen
scientifically significant a not
pictured infector will collect a sample
which will
stored on the Rover
