[Music]
the McGill robotics modular project is
comprised of 75 members who've been
working hard to engineer our upgraded
Mars rover for the 2018 university Rover
challenge but our combined knowledge of
the pets experiences at competition
we've put together a brand new Rover
that integrates key aspects of the past
as well as integrating new research and
technologies we're proud to introduce to
you our brand new Mars rover Dexter
[Music]
this year the mechanical division has
been working on improving the Mars rover
by analyzing and examine past systems
first the Java system was aluminum
Frankenstein for improve the rigidity
and custom design wheels
our system is people of traversing
complex trees
the four individual serie units allowing
us to perform 360-degree wheel rotations
next suspension after identifying the
problems with existing rocker-bogie
system we have increased stiffness and
improved modularity this improvements
allowed for easier conversion between
six and a four-wheel drive configuration
within a matter of seconds
finally they are this state of a
manipulator combines the harmonic drive
and differential gears giving us a total
of six degree of freedom and five
program payload this is mainly possible
with the new end effector with adaptive
group in design to climb all types of
objects
[Music]
the martyr over electrical team has been
working hard in designing our new
electrical systems that focus on
improving mobility modularity and
reliability for the river we use to
local batteries that cook the village
sharing an active trend monitoring to
improve battery life and safety the Mars
rover is equipped with omnidirectional
antenna that operates at 2.4 gigahertz
to both broadcast and receive
information from the command station to
better improve the video quality and
reduce delay we replace our USB cameras
with IP based camera the arm electrical
team has been working on integrating SDI
based encoders to give our control
systems accurate absolute position
readings at each joint of the arm to
further improve the electrical system
the drive team has integrated their
control works directly into the steering
house in addition the drive system is
equipped with an active steering units
that allow us to perform advanced
steering configuration such as ackerman
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
high-impact roll is integrated with a
sampling system to break through the
dense clay layers which allows us to
reach up to 20 centimeters of depth the
brand-new coring system uses a flexible
membrane and closure mechanism which
will twist to seal the soil sample while
the auger is underground on the drill
site the rover will take environmental
measurements including atmospheric
pressure humidity UV co2 and temperature
it also interacts with different probes
to measure wind speed sample weights
soil moisture and soil temperature back
in the command station test for
macromolecules such as amino acids
carbohydrates and lipids will be
performed presence of macronutrients
will also be tested and pH measurements
will be taken a near IR spectrometer
gathers information on mineral
composition of the collected soil sample
analysis on geological settings
including sedimentation and surface soil
patterns will be performed in order to
make predictions on the soil properties
and the presence of water
now let my new factory and needed
testing is complete we're looking to put
together our final systems for a
large-scale integration testing with the
help of our sponsors we've been able to
fully fund our project and keep it
within the weight and budget limits we
are thrilled to have the opportunity to
compete in your seat once again
[Music]
[Music]
