hi we are mitch rover from middle east
technical university anchor turkey this
is our second year on the university
rover challenge with our first rover
improviser
square-shaped carbon fiber profiles are
used for chassis structure connection
points and bearing mounts of the chassis
are supported with aluminium nodes
along with a compact chassis design
wide wheel spacing is adjusted to
provide more secure drive on the terrain
and prevent possible tipping rocker
suspension system and rubber ties are
designed for smooth ride differential
motion between two rockers is provided
by a differential barb with minimal
backlash
locomotion motors are placed into
aluminium wheels to protect them from
forcing environmental damage reaction
forces and moments on the motor seat are
eliminated by using double wearing
support
the robotic arm is designed to have five
degrees of freedom operating the end
effector the kinematical design of the
arm is carefully tailored to have
maximum functionality and ease of use on
different urc missions the shoulder
elevation and respite axis of our arms
actuated via warm gear mechanism
to ensure minimum system complexity
multiple pcbs have been designed for
each system rover control unit called
rcu is designed to act as a getaway
connecting different subsystems with
each other
a custom motor control unit is designed
to distribute power and drive the
brushless motors used for locomotion at
the rpm desired by the json tx
thanks to canvas interface mcu can be
directly connected to rcu using just two
cables and can endure a wide range of
working voltages
the robotic arm is still operated via
rvs move it motion planning library is
used to solve for inverse climatics and
to plan a collision-free path through
the environment the planning library has
been tested on the arm
and been put to use while accomplishing
mission-like scenarios
two 5.8 gigahertz fpv cameras will be
placed on the robotic arm to provide low
latency visual feedback arm control unit
has been also designed to ensure the
modularity of the robotic arm system and
is directly connected to the rover
control unit
communication will be fascinated over
2.4 gigahertz wi-fi network with
ubiquiti nanostation mg booster for
better long-distance performance custom
communication protocol has been designed
to reduce data transfer between roblox
subsystems and ground station
onboard communication will be
implemented by a cambus network
significantly reducing cable management
related issues and providing an
intuitive communication interface
as a backup a lorem radio module will be
used to send mission critical data or
reset the whole system in case of issues
related to the main wi-fi system
istop button is placed on the chassis to
be able to quickly respond in case of
emergency power supply to all systems
will be cut when it's pressed
additionally such as indicator lights
are used to display the state of the
rope
the robot operating system runs all the
drivers of fairfield
z2 camera is placed on the front side of
the rover and it supplies a stereo video
stream moreover's active rapper library
publishes the stream as a ros message
for the use of localization navigation
detection and mapping applications
rtapp map is used to generate point
cloud maps to be used in autonomy of the
rover's navigation
similar to the panel used in the
competition a panel to replicate the
mission is used for training the machine
learning model the operator on the base
station will receive the stream
augmented with the predictions of the
model on board
[Music]
we created a custom weave with python in
order to visualize and examine the
science data graphical user interface
also monitors the rover and robotic arm
on operation it informs the team about
the condition of the rover and helps to
operate for better control
science team aims to explore the site
with an interdisciplinary approach
meanwhile the cnn algorithm developed by
the team is used to detect minerals the
database created for the mineral
recognition is also used to filter out
certain properties such as water
presence the biological activity will be
assessed using automated sample testing
system which houses two calorimetric
assays for peptide bonds and
polysaccharides and a luminescence assay
is utilized to differentiate excellent
from extinct life
atmospheric data is acquired
continuously with various sensors such
as uv light dust temperature and
humidity
as our team is a part of the student
society mate mac we hold online
workshops that is accessible to all
ranging from introduction to python to
3d design
hence training the team candidates with
elementary skills while providing free
resources across multiple online
platforms such as youtube
