[Music]
hello my name is kitty is kuzey
president of the university of michigan
mars rover team and i'm excited to
welcome you to the 2019 system
acceptance review for the university
rover challenge this year's rover builds
on our prior successes while introducing
changes based on lessons learned in past
competitions in this review will
showcase the mechanical electrical
science and software capabilities of our
system additionally wheel detail are
completed and planned testing to ensure
full system readiness in May the
mechanical foundation of the rover is
composed of the chassis and mobility
subsystems the carbon fiber chassis is
divided into modular sections for quick
reconfiguration between missions our
differential bar has a pivot at either
side to reduce the bending moment seen
in the bar its length is adjustable to
ensure the chassis is level with the
ground at all times
the entire Rover is supported by
adjustable shocks which interface with a
linkage system to absorb both downward
and frontal impact we chose a ride
height of 18 inches and a wheel diameter
of 12 inches to surmount large obstacles
this year we have revamped both the
design and control scheme of our robotic
arm our 40 inch 7 degree of freedom arm
is composed of carbon fiber tube
sections in controlled using inverse
kinematics for fluid user-friendly
operation the end effector can open up
to six inches using a lead screw to
provide substantial grip strength and
precise tool positioning two
intersecting laser pointers aid the
operator in position the solenoid to
type on a keyboard
additionally Phillips and hex head
screwdriver bits can be swapped remotely
to screw in a bowl the electrical system
controls power and logic signals for all
components on the rover our custom power
distribution system ensures that each
mission can be completed with a 544 watt
hour lipo battery the Nvidia Jetson tx2
was chosen as the main onboard computer
to process all sensor information and
enable rapid autonomous decisions from
testing with our 900 megahertz radios we
have shown that communication between
the base station and the rover is
maintained over operating distances of
350 meters or with line-of-sight
obstruction we have developed a
comprehensive Rover operation suite to
enable smooth and user focused
teleoperated control through a graphical
user interface rover operators have easy
access to the Rovers position and Orient
on the map a live camera stream from one
of eight onboard cameras and other
important diagnostic readings from the
river
the interface and control schemes are
quickly adaptable for different
operations such as switching between
inverse and forward kinematic control of
theorem our autonomous navigation system
utilizes a state machine to map its
current state Adamo tree and computer
vision data to an action and a new state
the system obtains accurate odometry by
feeding input from a nine axis IMU gps
and wheel encoders into a custom sensor
fusion algorithm we use a stereo camera
to identify tennis-ball candidates in
view using color and depth data
candidates are confirmed by a learned
model for high reliability tennis ball
detection the depth data from the stereo
camera is also utilized by obstacle
detection the autonomous navigation
system has been tested extensively in a
custom-built simulator as well as on a
fiscal course of GPS waypoints and
tennis balls for the autonomous mission
to prepare for the extreme retrieval and
delivery mission we have mapped out a 1
kilometre course at a test facility that
includes a rock garden and objects that
we expect to retrieve in the field for
our operators to become more adept at
arm control in the equipment servicing
mission we have designed and constructed
a mock lander with all components
described in the rules for the science
mission we have developed a suite of
instrumentation and biochemical assays
to determine the presence or absence of
life a 3-axis instrument positioner
bounce below the chassis for precise
pointing of a high-resolution digital
microscope and a custom-built Raman
spectrometer at rocks of interest for
Institue analysis without significant
alteration the microscope images sites
in search of gross morphologies
indicative of fossilized or living
microbial communities while the Raman
spectrometer uses a 532 nanometer laser
to detect chemical compounds associated
with organic matter and organisms the
next element of our life detection
strategy targets biomolecules and
biomarkers and soil samples the sampling
system features two identical drill and
vacuum mechanisms to transport particles
to sterilize boxes each isolated to
prevent cross-contamination the boxes
house tests for DNA with fluorescence
imaging protein with Fiats reagent and
ammonia with indicator strips all of
which can be monitored live from the
base station these tests allow us to
detect biomolecules and biomarkers
associated with life we have validated
these methodologies by testing on
sterilized rock and soil samples as well
as fossilized bacterial colonies
Utah desert soil at this point in the
season we have completed manufacturing
assembly and initial full system testing
between now and competition we'll
practice each mission extensively at an
outdoor test facility under competition
like time constraints and scoring
schemes we are thrilled with our team's
continuing progress and confident that
our Rover will be competitive in the
2019 University Rover challenge on
behalf of the Michigan Mars rover team
thank you for your consideration and go
blue
[Music]
