[Music]
hello my name is Michelle Gaynor
president of the University of Michigan
Mars rover team and welcome to our 2020
system acceptance review our team has
been hard at work redesigning our Rover
systems to increase its capabilities in
each mission in this video we will
showcase features that will strengthen
our performance at the University Rover
challenge this year's Rover was
developed with the focus on durability
and reliability a carbon fiber chassis
provides a strong lightweight foundation
high stress points are reinforced with
structural inserts and a modular design
facilitates smooth configuration changes
between missions the mobility system has
been revamped with more powerful and
brushless DC wheel motors which will
help the rover climb steeper slopes in
the extreme retrieval and delivery
mission the suspension is optimized for
driving forward to better absorb frontal
impacts
additionally the wheels are 3d printed
from flexible polymer to enhance the
rover's compliance and traction when
traversing desert terrain this year six
degree of freedom of audit common
features in-house cycloidal
transmissions which increase and
effective precision and reduce overall
mass the linear actuator on the shoulder
pitch joint ensures that the robotic arm
is strong enough to tow and lift a five
kilogram payload with the rope a two
degree of freedom gimbal camera provides
an adjustable view during a bottle arm
operation to test the rover for the
extreme retrieval and delivery mission
we have designed multiple courses which
include terrain and objects similar to
what we expect to see at competition we
have automated that operation of the
robotic arm to officially complete
competition objectives in the equipment
servicing mission our inverse kinematics
based control scheme now includes an
orientation mode allowing the operator
to command the end effectors orientation
and location of the robotic arm using
our kinematic model we calculate a
torque feed forward term to augment our
existing high frequency feedback
controller thereby ensuring smooth
operation of the arm our end effector
uses a lead screw to grip objects up to
three and a half inches wide with
strength and precision intersecting
lasers guide the operator to line up a
hex key for tightening a screw and
typing on a keyboard rover operators
will practice controlling the arm using
open loop and motion planning algorithms
on a configurable Lander for the
redesigned autonomous navigation mission
we've upgraded our navigation
localization and computer vision
software the Rover makes safe and
strategic path planning decisions to
traverse GPS waypoints using odometry
and computer vision data localization is
performed using GPS sensors and a nine
Ã­mu this year we developed common and
magic filters to increase the precision
and reliability of this data we also
augmented our navigation state machine
to include gate detection and computer
vision assisted gate traversal a
stereoscopic camera is used to identify
the IDs and distances of a our tags
relative to the rover so that the state
machine can determine the directionality
and center of the gate the rover aligns
itself precisely between the two posts
and passes through the gate in the
correct direction the computer vision
software also detects potential
obstacles as small as 20 centimeters up
to 5 metres away when the rover detects
an obstacle a safe alternative routes a
next Waypoint is identified and executed
we have developed tests courses that
imitate this mission as well as an
idealized simulator to test our
navigation algorithms year-round to
support our Rovers mechanical and
software updates we have completely
overhauled its electrical system we
built a 10 Series lithium-ion battery
pack using 18 650 cells to provide 36
volts to the rover additionally we
incorporated brushless DC motor drivers
which enable precise control of the
wheels for a reliable communication the
rover is equipped with a 900 megahertz
radio and linearly polarized antennas
the radio communicates with a three
meter base station antenna from up to
one kilometer away we also built an
autonomously at a playable radio
repeater for long-range missions the
repeater is made up of four patch
antennas mounted on a tetrahedral
structure the device is deployed by a
burn wire release mechanism to ensure
constant omnidirectional communication
after deployment we've designed a suite
of scientific instrumentation to analyze
both soil and rock samples for evidence
of life a three degree of freedom
sampling system collects soil with
sterilized interchangeable end effectors
which are replaced in between sites to
prevent cross contamination each sample
is deposited into one of four isolated
enclosures including three identical
Suites of chemical tests and one Raman
spectrometer the chemical tests are
equipped to detect bio molecules
including photosynthetic chlorophyll
using a special sensor ammonia using
color indicator strips and amino acids
using ninhydrin solution the results of
all chemical tests are streamed back to
the base station for immediate
evaluation the second iteration of our
custom-built 650 nanometers Raman
spectrometer is designed to detect
karagin and carotenoids in a sample a
microscope and reflection spectrometer
permanently mounted to the end-effector
to analyze rock samples institute the
microscope images sites that may contain
gross morphologies indicative of
fossilized or living microbial
while the reflectance spectrometer
searches for mineral evidence of life
such as limestone or diatomaceous earth
the sample acquisition and analysis
process will be tested on a course with
marked soil and rock samples from
southern Utah our efforts in the final
months before competition will emphasize
full system verification and operator
practice we will conduct a series of
mock missions under the same constraints
that we expect at competition our
performance in these missions as well as
past competitions will be used to
develop competition strategy we are
confident in our ability to succeed at
the University Rover challenge on behalf
of the Michigan Mars rover team thank
you for your consideration and go blue
