hello my name is Emma Boyle and I'm the
president of the Michigan Mars rover
team Emma Rover is the student-run
robotics team with about 45 members this
past year the team strove to create a
Rover that will ensure M Rover is a top
competitor at the 2018 University Rover
challenge we are now pleased to showcase
this year's design this year's Rover
introduces an all-new mobility system
the system features four wheels with
reinforced in hub motors polyurethane
treads and custom spring dampers all
mounted on two rockers our dampers have
been specifically designed and
fabricated in-house providing the
necessary shock absorption to keep other
Rover systems isolated from the worst
loads
additionally the passively pivoting
rockers are connected with the
differential bar allowing for near
constant ground contact and even weight
distribution across the wheels while
keeping the chassis stable the for
competition tasks each require a
different configuration of the rover
necessitating a modular and accessible
design to allow for a quick setup and
teardown
we have met these requirements by
implementing a lightweight carbon fiber
design that forms the three by three
grid of squares for mounting all of our
external systems the objectives
presented in the extreme retrieval and
delivery tasks and equipment servicing
tasks required a robotic arm with high
reach in dexterity to meet these
requirements we've designed a six degree
of freedom robotic arm with a 35 inch
reach mounted at the front of our
chassis with the flexibility to reach in
front and below the rover with our end
effector the end effector uses four
fingers with silicone gripping surfaces
at the furthest extension of the fingers
a probe extends to press keyboard
buttons and perform other high-precision
operations from previous competition
experience we know that the hard clay
like soil that we are tasked to collect
and test is difficult to retrieve this
is why we've revamped our soil
acquisition system with a more powerful
drill enhanced with a rotary percussion
action the rate and force of percussive
strikes can be adjusted during operation
to quickly adapt to soil conditions this
augmented mechanism will allow the
system to break through the ground and
flex oil from up to 15 centimeters below
the surface once collected internal
doors shut to temporarily house the
sample before the operator deposits them
at our cash containers for further
testing onboard and off-board the rover
using satellite imagery we've analyzed
the competition site to look for
distinct geological features such as
dried riverbeds and loamy soil on board
analyses include soil moisture pH
conductivity and temperature tests the
results of these tests indicate the
presence of key ingredients for
sustainable life off board tests include
a BCA assay and Sudan for dye to search
for specific biomolecules that can
provide a proof of life and validate our
site selection the electrical Hardware
is split into two custom electrical
boxes the logic box houses the jetsam TX
2 the Raspberry Pi zeroes and our custom
PCBs these systems control the rover as
well as collecting visual scientific and
telemetry data the power box contains 10
motor controllers and our power
distribution system the Rovers lipo
battery is external to these electrical
boxes the team is printing its own
custom PCBs they handle science data as
well as data from sensors used for
autonomy these PCBs allow us to save
space that would be taken up by more
traditional micro processors a hardware
interface handles communication between
our onboard computer and hardware
peripherals it makes heavy use of the
canvas to communicate between our
onboard computers motor controllers and
our microcontroller boards boards are
designed to interface with science and
odometry sensors using a canned protocol
allowing for very low latency when
handling controls and sensor data the
teleoperated system communicates between
the base station and the on-board
computer this year the teleoperated
system is designed with a focus on
usability we have developed an efficient
graphical user interface based on our
experience of past you are seized it
provides a map of the competition site
with the rover's current location and
allows the operator to enter GPS
waypoints to track the rover's progress
in each task for radio communications we
have chosen to use the nine hundred
megahertz is M band this band is able to
penetrate objects more effectively than
other is M options our operators are ham
radio licensed which enables us to use
an amplifier to extend the range of our
900 megahertz radio the autonomous
system reads from a perceptual sensor
and determines how to traverse a course
of GPS Waypoint our autonomy stack uses
a layer design
for ease of code maintainability at the
most basic level of abstraction layer
one we read odometry data from our RTK
gps unit and nine axis IMU to direct the
rover toward a target weight point layer
two adds the ability to traverse a
course consisting of multiple waypoints
and methodically search around
particular waypoints for a tennis ball
our highest level of abstraction is our
perception system which detects tennis
balls using a color Augmented circle
detector and analyzes contours from the
stereoscopic camera to detect obstacles
our team has manufactured and assembled
the critical systems of the rover and
achieved basic functionality we are on
track to be competition ready well
before June we will continue to test and
tune our Rover during the months leading
up to competition using environments we
have designed to simulate the various
competition tasks we will be prepared
for anything the URC throws at us on
behalf of the Michigan Mars rover team
we thank you for your consideration and
go blue
