[Music]
hi we're the Michigan Mars Rover team
and we're proud to introduce you to our
2023 Rover we learned a lot at
competition last year and our team of
over 100 members is working to implement
these lessons to build our best Rover
yet I'll go over builds upon successful
components of past drawers while
improving identified failure points
we've iterated Upon A welded aluminum
chassis with the rockabogi suspension
and have improved our custom drive
gearboxes to optimize Mass our 3D
printed Wheels have been tested and
iterated to improve traction this allows
to go over to maneuver through a rock
garden and climb slopes up to 45 degrees
we've upgraded our sixth degree of
Freedom robotic arm to use brushless
motors with our cyclotal gearboxes these
gearboxes have been redesigned this year
to work with these new Motors and
optimize strength and control allowing
the arm to easily carry loads up to 10
kilograms the end effect is capable of
Performing precise servicing procedures
and grasping object up to 5 inches wide
our wrist now uses a slip ring for wire
management allowing for infinite
rotation and ease of operation in
addition inverse kinematics allows the
operator to quickly move the end
effector to a precise orientation
emphasis this year we have built a
separate sample acquisition arm to
efficiently pick up soil and observe
both Rock and soil samples this arm has
three degrees of freedom and is able to
precisely maneuver a scoop microscope
and high resolution camera for rock
investigation we have two deposit points
for soil one is at our science Carousel
which rotates to provide a separate set
of tests for each of three samples
the other deposit site leads to our
sample cache and custom Ramen
spectrometer where one sample of
particular interest will be deposited
our sample cache closes securely with a
gear mechanism and can easily be removed
to hand to the judges within the science
Carousel chemical tests are observed
through cameras and sensors to search
for signs of amino acids chlorophyll and
lipids additionally our custom Raman
spectrometer analyzes soil for kerogene
and carotenoids between the sample
acquisition arm and science Carousel our
Rover can efficiently analyze up to
three soil samples and nine rocks for
the science Mission our electrical
system has been upgraded with a focus on
accessibility and efficiency we have
designed custom brush motor controllers
to seamlessly fit in with other systems
an MCU board combines control of science
systems and all brushed motors on board
the Rover in addition we have also made
stm32 development boards which allow
systems to be integrated off Rover
custom converters and a fuse board power
onboard devices with protection from
over current our new brushless motor
controllers are mounted on the robotic
arm which simplifies wiring and enables
the use of both relative and absolute
encoders a 36 volt battery provides more
than two and a half hours of continuous
operation and an accessible push button
e-stop allows us to shut off the Rover
at a moment's notice our communication
system utilizes 900 megahertz and 2.4
gigahertz to maximize both range and
data throughput from the Rover through
our testing we have determined the
optimal system for each missions
challenges of no line of sight or
elevation changes we've overhauled our
autonomous navigation system into a
microservice architecture built on Robot
Operating System we've also implemented
an extensive regression testing protocol
against the Gazebo simulation
environment a zed stereo camera is used
for detecting and estimating the pose of
AR tags while a localization
microservice keeps track of the Rover's
absolute pose by fusing IMU and
real-time kinematic GPS data in an
extended common filter we maintain an
additional localization frame computed
using visual odometry that is locally
accurate for situations such as driving
through the gate perception and odometry
information is processed in a state
machine to make navigation decisions and
complete the autonomy Mission the
navigation State machine now includes
various failure recovery mechanisms
including backtracking when sensor
signatures indicate an obstruction this
year we again focused on early
integration and testing to ensure robust
designs we have continued to use
development board to separate our core
Rover systems for testing in parallel
additionally we have been able to use
last year's Rover Rosie to test our
autonomous navigation system we are
prioritizing mock missions and Operator
Practice again this year to develop and
optimize competition strategy we use our
mock Lander as well as our University's
robot playground and Mars yard to test
our Rover and URC light conditions
we are excited to show you our new Rover
and confident in our ability to succeed
at the 2023 University River challenge
thank you for your consideration
[Applause]
[Music]
