[Music]
hi we're the michigan mars rover team
and we're excited to introduce you to
our 2022 rover our team of 80 members
has been hard at work to build our best
rover yet we've returned to in-person
work by learning to use new machining
equipment and extensively testing our
previous rover
our new rover is designed for optimum
performance and manufacturability we've
kept our aluminum chassis with rocker
bogey suspension and are now using
maximum brushless motors in our custom
gearboxes
3d printed wheels on the suspension
provide robust climbing capabilities and
precise steering
this allows the rover to maneuver
through a rock garden and climb slopes
up to 45 degrees
our 6 degree of freedom robotic arm is
equipped with cycloidal gearboxes
built-in house for strength and control
allowing it to easily carry loads up to
10 kilograms a lead screw driven end
effector is capable of grasping objects
up to 13 centimeters wide and
dexterously completing servicing
procedures
additionally our inverse kinematics
algorithm allows the operator to quickly
move the end defector to a precise
orientation and position pcbs along the
arms simplify communication and wiring
for modularity
we now have a second arm configuration
for the science mission
the four degree of freedom science arm
and end effector precisely manipulate a
microscope and spectral sensor above
rocks to look for microfossils and
life-indicating materials
a scoop collects and autonomously
deposits soil to a single drop-off point
using motion planning and closed-loop
control
to prevent cross-contamination between
samples a carousel positions a new copy
of each test at the drop-off and the uv
led sterilizes the scoop in between
sites
chemical assays on the carousel search
for amino acids chlorophyll ammonia and
nitrates
additionally our raman spectrometer
analyzes soil for carogin and
carotenoids
this design allows us to efficiently
analyze up to three soil samples and
nine rocks for the science mission
our electrical system has been
streamlined to improve functionality and
reduce failure points
we designed custom pcbs embedded with
scm32 processors to centralize devices
in the e-box to simplify debugging the
power and fuse boards continuously
monitor and regulate current voltage and
temperature of major power lines while
the science board combines sensors and
motor drivers for the science mission we
have upgraded the firmware of all
microcontrollers to interface with more
hardware and provide data for
sophisticated control algorithms
a 36 volt battery provides two hours of
continuous operation
an accessible e-stop allows us to safely
shut off the rover at a moment's notice
the communication system uses radios in
a 900 megahertz band to achieve
connection at distances up to two
kilometers we have conducted rigorous
testing to determine appropriate
parameters for anticipated challenges
such as no line of sight or elevation
changes
our autonomous navigation system has
been improved by conducting thorough
testing on both our rover and in
simulation
the simulator has been upgraded to
realistically mimic perception and
odometry noise
a brushless gimbal precisely controls
the zed stereoscopic camera over can to
increase its field of view
point cloud-based obstacle and ar tag
detection has been gpu accelerated to
accurately find clear paths while
improving processing speed
we fuse imu encoder in real-time
kinematic gps data in a common filter to
provide us with exact localization
this perception and odometry information
is processed in a state machine to make
navigation decisions and complete the
autonomy mission
the autonomy graphical user interface
has been improved to allow us to easily
switch control modes and log data for
later analysis
this year we focused on early
integration and testing to quickly
iterate on designs we designed
development boards to separate our core
rover systems for testing in parallel
off-board testing of science devices
streamlined mechanical electrical and
software integration
additionally we use a custom cart to
test navigation and perception
algorithms before final integration with
the rover
to develop competition strategy we
prioritize mock missions and operator
practice
the mass gimbal camera and centering
lasers on the arm help operators easily
complete difficult tasks
additional testing resources including a
servicing lander robot playground and
mars yard allows to test our rover in
urc-like conditions
we are thrilled about our team's
continuing progress and confident in our
ability to succeed at the university
rover challenge thank you for your
consideration
[Music]
[Applause]
