[Music]
today welcome to Nova robot we are a
multidisciplinary student team based
Monash University in Melbourne Australia
since the 2018 USC we have expanded our
team to 33 members covering chassis
electrical arm software science
logistics and communications sub teams
all of our members have been hard at
work designer whiter smarter over to
compete in the 2019 competition
[Music]
the 2019 rover features a new custom
suspension system designed in-house by
the chassis team the focus was to ensure
that the rover would maintain control
over its position at all times over any
of the anticipated terrain in order to
achieve this we designed a custom bogie
system which allows each of the six
wheels to move independently with
respect to the frame the flexible design
provides even weight distribution and
ensures all six drive wheels maintain
contact with the ground at all times the
large footprint six wheel design paired
with a low center of gravity provides
excellent stability and control on any
incline we designed a modular frame with
common drive wheel units to allow us to
quickly and easily replace any of the
six units with a common spare our new
Rover custom six wheeled suspension
system and frame has provided a highly
controllable and stable platform for our
2019 Rover
building upon the previous mission
success of the endeavor scientific
payload an experimental portion of the
2018 science cage task we are looking to
integrate a suite of institut
biochemical life detection assays and
innovative mechanical systems into this
year's Sagan scientific payload over the
past two years we've explored a range of
manufacturing methods to develop a
custom drill to meet the demands of the
science team and limitations of the
robot adapting to this year's new
ruleset we have developed a novel soil
processing and analysis unit that
extracts organics from soil samples and
uses spectrophotometry to search for
biosignatures Sagan will therefore have
the capability to search for the
presence of lipids proteins and enzyme
activity as a proxy for cellular
viability and therefore the presence of
absence of life following from our
experience in Russia's competition we
have drastically increased the overall
quality of parts with advanced
fabrication techniques in the arms of
assembly system allowing for better
rigidity and management of stress
concentrations the new construction of
the arm linkages lowers weights and
increases the range of motion of the arm
belt drives are used to reduce motor
backlash and 24-volt linear actuators
provide robust lifting force the NF
actor has been redesigned to better
class 3-dimensional objects the spring
loaded fingers provide an encompassing
grip on the variety of shapes required
this year we've completely redesigned
the electrical system with the aim of
making every subsystem as efficient and
reliable as possible we've changed our
approach to battery management
incorporating voltage current and
temperature monitoring and a safety shut
down switch into a single modular unit
the drive motors are controlled by six
high performance talon SR X's utilizing
their advanced onboard PID algorithms
our various subsystems communicate via
canvas which is a tough fast and
reliable communication protocol
originally designed for automotive
applications we've designed and built
our own custom PCBs including seven
motor drivers for the arm with onboard
microcontrollers enabling tight feedback
loops and Institute diagnostics the
brain of the system is the nvidia jetson
tx2 a versatile computer powered by
Nvidia's pascal architecture with
powerful integrated deep learning
capabilities and a platform
purpose-built for AI tasks like computer
vision and autonomous navigation this
year software team have focused our
efforts on addressing the shortfalls of
last year's software system to allow for
faster debugging and software
development overall we have begun using
them we bought simulated to test our
code independently from the actual
physical Rover and our new control
center GUI will allow us to see the
status of the rover and all peripherals
attached such as senses camera needs and
radio connectivity our primary
navigation camera is a dual lens 180
degree field of view camera mule through
a VR headset which provides death
procession to the driver and is
important for spotting obstacles that
might otherwise trip up the rover will
also change the semi directional base
station antennas which will improve
signal strength and we will also be
employing both a more reliable 900
megahertz radio system as well as a
higher bandwidth five-point Hertz system
behind the scenes of all of these
systems are state machines which manage
the status of all parts of the software
stack so that the river is able to adapt
its behavior to whatever conditions it
is currently experiencing
for example switching states from the
Traverse during the autonomous task to
avoid when detecting an obstacle to
search when the rover has reached its
destination path planning is calculated
based on real height map data to avoid
any extreme slaves and to detect the
tennis ball we have developed and
trained our own neural network that has
23 convolution and 2 detection layers
these were enabled the network to detect
the tennis ball regardless of distance
or environmental interferences
you
