foreign
Monash Nova Rover a student team based
in Melbourne Australia composed of 96
students from engineering science I.T
Commerce and design backgrounds
Co we've maintained the chassis body's
modularity accommodating interchangeable
arm and science payloads the new body
has reduced core weight and improved
accessibility returning is our proven
core backplane electrical system and
compact Jetson tx2 carrier board with
expanded USB interfaces and vertical
connectors for improved accessibility
the Jetson tx2 has been updated with
Ubuntu 20 and ros2 Foxy giving us access
to newer packages with more
functionality our GUI displays Rover
starter starter alongside embedded
camera views with heads-up display
overlays improving Rover operation the
battery system Now features LiPO
batteries with a high discharge rate to
support brushless motors and reduce size
an integrated battery management system
improves the safety and reliability of
the overall unit to overcome the
challenges associated with long
distances our communication system now
has a low data mode that drops data
throughput to the bare minimum
requirements to operate
foreign
system has switched from brush to
brushless motors allowing the Rover to
overcome steeper obstacles through
increased efficiency and torque our
in-house driver boards Implement field
orientated control enabling improved
control of motor torque at a range of
speeds while reducing the risk of motor
burnout coupled with position and
velocity feedback this creates an
intuitive and smooth drive system our
new rocker suspension system
incorporates pivot steering alongside a
robust radius-based turning package
enhancing the maneuverability of the
Rover
slew drives designed and manufactured
in-house deliver up to 49 Newton meters
of torque to reorient the wheels even in
bog conditions our new rematch a
differential bar allows for 50 greater
vertical displacement of the corner
Wheels over our previous design a damper
has been integrated into the suspension
system to improve stability over bumpy
terrain new composite Wheels combine a
3D printed nylon tread with a novel
bikespoke internal geometry to
significantly reduce Mass while
improving traction on both soft surfaces
and gravel
this year we've redesigned the arm for
Speed and ease of operation while
reducing weight and cost six redesigned
gearboxes now use brushless motors for
increased torque and Joint speed a
cyclotal stage provides High reduction
with frameless Motors enabling
through-hole cable routing each gearbox
is tightly integrated housing the motor
custom controller and sensors our
upgraded end effector halves the mass
compared to last year with greater
rigidity for gripping heavy loads to
improve ease of operation we've
redesigned our arm control law adding
position feedback for increased accuracy
the sixth degree of Freedom system
supports control in joint space and in
task space using inverse kinematics and
allows operators to switch between
multiple control spaces an articulated
arm model using the unified robotics
description format aids with Collision
detection and improved Telemetry gives
operators accurate feedback on the
motion and loading of the arm joints
after our reliable performance in UIC
2022 our actuating platform system
returns complete with four modular
Scoops for collecting soil samples the
platform also houses an additional scoop
with a locking lead to Cache a sample
from the site of high scientific value
our custom peristaltic pumps and tiered
series transport aqueous samples to our
chemical analysis system the system
consists of a carousel pre-filled with a
suite of chemical assays including BCA
linhydrin and luciferase that allow for
detection of proteins in ATP
to enhance a life analysis process we've
included a Roman spectrometer designed
and manufactured in-house this will Aid
in the investigation of aqueous samples
for a range of biosignatures such as
kerogene lipids DNA and RNA working
alongside our geologic catalog our
microscope enables high resolution
imaging of rock samples enabling
operators to easily identify their Key
properties and features
foreign
system has undergone a significant
overhaul to better handle obstacle dance
environments our new autonomous
architecture incorporates the TF2 rods
package allowing precise localization of
Rover components and seamless
Transformations between coordinate
frames to overcome inaccurate
magnetometers the Rover now has two
differential GPS receivers providing
centimeter accurate positioning and
sub-degree precision for the Rover's
heading statistical
from two stereo cameras allows for 30
and tracking of obstacle
obstacle area tag detection system
precisely locates AR tags from over 10
meters away and our custom GPU
accelerated implementation of the hybrid
a-stop path planning algorithm allows us
to plan curved trajectories to more
accurately model the river's motion
