[Applause]
good night welcome
[Music]
we're a newly formed team from Monash
University Melbourne Australia over the
past year our team has been hard at work
designing two Rovers a prototype and a
competition robot the prototype was used
to trial different mechanical and
electrical systems which have since been
successfully implemented in a final
robot the Rovers drive system uses a
simple double wishbone design with
thousand springs which allows the rover
to maintain maximum wheel contact with
the ground ever on motor fields or soft
sand by mounting a wheel on a blue house
using three depended will centers
we're able to protect the motive against
any rocks or degrees the rover my
account is during the competition this
year we're employing our very own custom
designed to access Holliston volga
enabling the subsurface collection of
soil samples up to a depth of 20
centimeters this allows us to medically
seal caches onboard the rover and then
measure in situ temperature moisture and
dielectric permittivity once we bring
the samples back to base we will then
conduct a barrage of Biochemistry
analysis looking at presence of
carbohydrates lipids peptides and
sulfates included into this will be a
Gram stain microscopy and a pee stain
solution looking at the presence of
nucleic acids will be employing a Raman
spectrometer ATR need for red
spectrometer and fluorescence microscopy
to analyze the presence of any minerals
that might form under flugel conditions
or bio signatures relevant to the search
for life on Mars the robotic arm is
designed to provide a highly flexible
and dexterous solution including five
degrees of freedom the arm can be
positioned in any orientation
surrounding the rover the main lifting
force in this arm comes from two
independent
900 Newton linear actuators with
modifiable linkages to provide
trade-offs between force and joint
flexibility when screw gear motors are
used to provide precise positioning and
a continuous rotation joint allows the
core end-effector to rotate infinitely
the claw end effector has been developed
around a modified v bar linkage and
allows birth position and angling of the
core joint this allows an encompassing
grip on circular objects with three
contact points as well as orthogonal
gripping of flat faced objects from 30
ampere will peak discharge to arm
actuation feedback from each motor was
critical for monitoring
power consumption position and a stem
our autonomous traversal system each
major actuator has current senses to
provide remote feedback as well as fuses
voltage regulators ensuring constant
power across the whole system our system
relies on the ability rocket m5 which
operates on a 5.8 gigahertz transmission
as a primary communication system this
covers the 360 camera feed system
feedback and control with low latency
and minimal interference as a
contingency plan will also be
implementing a 900 megahertz
transmission system to be incorporated
as the failsafe we're using the robot
operating system for our software suite
and what this allows us to do is develop
all of our programs and functions
independently how different sub teams
can work on these by themselves and then
test their programs with various inputs
for our situational awareness of the
rover we're implementing a 360 camera
and an array of webcams
and we're accessing these via a unity
interface this allows us to use VR
technology such as the oculus rift to
connect to this and provide an immersive
environment for the user our unity
interface also implements a GPS map
which shows the location of the base
station along with the location of the
rover at any point in time so to control
that robot arm we are implementing an
inertial controller with force feedback
this will allow a robot arm in the
end-effector
to track the pose of the operators hand
our autonomous navigation procedure is
broken up into three layers the highest
level is a analysis of a premade height
map of the area we look at all of the
GPS locations within a grid over the map
we look at the slopes at each point and
then we generate a route between
the starting point and the finish point
taking the lowest slope at any stage
then we move to the second layer which
is the lidar the lidar mounted to the
front of the rover looks at the local
geometry what's the obstacles Rock
Hills has anything in the way it finds a
way to move around it to return to the
original planned route and for the third
layer we need to find this thing
the rover engages in a search pattern it
moves around until it locates the tennis
ball and then once it has it will
maintain the position of the tennis ball
within its field of view and move
towards it until reaching a certain
distance at which point the rover will
stop
