the mars river design team at missouri
snt has been hard at work over the last
year developing the most advanced and
capable rover we have ever built each
system has been extensively tested
through a combination of computer-aided
design finite element analysis bench
tests and task simulations the mars
river design team is proud to present
our 10th rover prometheus
prometheus is controlled by a modular
distributed electrical system composed
of 14 custom pcbs powered by an 8s8p
lithium ion battery which contains
temperature current and voltage
monitoring circuits to interact with the
rover mrdt has written a custom gui
application in which operators are able
to see and easily switch between camera
views monitor the reverse location on
the map and view diagnostic data sent
from the rover these systems provide
operators with an insight into the
rover's state while an attachments
manager displays results from the
science hardware and allows precise
control of the arm
to ensure safety all electrical and
software components follow a rigorous
system of reviews and tests before
integration
commands telemetry and video feeds are
sent over the network using one of two
radio stacks a 900 megahertz antenna for
reliable long range low bandwidth
applications and a 5 gigahertz incentive
for short range high bandwidth
applications prometheus utilizes the
fifth iteration of our custom manta
suspension due to its exceptional
ability to traverse rough terrain it
features a structural composite frame
carbon kevlar wheels gimbal and
suspension cams and a modular auxiliary
mounting system the offset differential
and 23 linkage structure provides seven
degrees of freedom while commercial gas
springs increase responsiveness and
range of motion the robust drivetrain
weighs in at 49 kilograms and folds
inward using quick release pins
prometheus was designed to withstand
four simulated load cases a neutral
position full speed collision one meter
drop and wheels stuck while driving the
wheels are powered by new motor
brushless dc motors producing 522 watts
of power with a max speed of 6 meters
per second and a max torque of 13.2
newton meters combined with a robotic
arm and rigid gripper prometheus has the
ability to pull lift and carry a large
range of tools and objects while
traveling over uneven terrain
our new robotic arm is our longest
fastest and most capable arm state it
features a dual end effector system with
an under actuated gripper and
multi-functional utility end effector
the gripper is capable of interacting
with and lifting a variety of tools and
mission articles within its 1.5 meter
working envelope each joint has been
individually optimized to be able to
lift upwards of 10 kilograms exceeding
competition requirements and ensuring
that any lifting or pulling task will be
completed swiftly the laser guided
utility end effector is designed to be
quickly and precisely positioned to turn
a 5 16 hex bolt while the integrated
solenoid can press keyboard keys
effortlessly
12-bit absolute encoders and limit
switches allow precise positional
control we are continuing to use and
develop our closed-loop inverse
kinematic control allowing for
high-speed intuitive manipulation for
the autonomous task prometheus utilizes
our custom navigation board for precise
point-to-point gps navigation during
navigation prometheus uses our z2i
stereo camera for two asynchronous
computer vision algorithms the first
detects ar tags using opencv's aruco
library and the second allows us to
avoid obstacles seen in the zed's 3d
point cloud once successfully reaching a
marker or a gate a rover will enter into
a search pattern and spiral outward
until the air attacks are found the
rover will then enter into a new
navigation routine to either approach a
single marker or maneuver through a gate
completion of the task will then be
indicated using the led panel on the
back of the rover all of our new
features go through a rigorous amount of
both bench and field tests before
getting a final review and ultimately
being pushed to dev this year we've been
able to utilize the webots robot
simulator to bench test many of our
autonomous algorithms virtually allowing
us to have more testing capabilities
immediately available to us throughout
development
for the science mission mrdt is using a
two-axis cartesian arm to lower a scoop
into the soil sites to collect samples
water will seep into the soil and
through a filter that will allow
biomolecules to pass allowing for more
clear results
firet dish diphenylamine and propatium
iodine reagents sat in the test tubes
will undergo reactions in the presence
of proteins dna and dna from dead cells
the uv led will allow us to view
fluorescence when propidium iodide
reacts this year we have introduced a
novel heater system that will aid the
disc reagent to produce a reaction
a single axis cartesian arm lowers a box
housing sensors a microscope and a
custom built fluorometer the sensors
will detect concentrations of oxygen
carbon dioxide methane nitrogen dioxide
and nitrogen monoxide near soil and rock
sites
the microscope's camera magnifies up to
200 times allowing us to view in detail
of the mineralogy and characteristics of
each rock basestation will house a new
custom rock database where users input
features for it to output a confidence
scale of the most probable type of rock
lastly the fluorometer will not
detect select biomarkers on the rocks
thank you for your consideration the
mars river design team looks forward to
competing in the university river
challenge this june
