for the electrical team we're primarily
focused on the drive control and the arm
control
this year for the drive control we're
using 24 volt dc motors as well as the
talon srx motor controllers along with
an arduino mega in order to control our
rover and in order to control the drive
control for the arm we're using
nema 23 stepper motors as well as the
dm542t stepper motor controllers as well
as an arduino uno in order to control
the arm and its movement
the programming team works together to
develop necessary programs and packages
for ros or the robotic operating system
which is the foundation of our code on
board the rover we have an nvidia jetson
nano which alongside an array of sensors
handles important processes for
autonomous navigation such as computer
vision and simultaneous localization and
mapping over a pair of ubiquity rocket
m2 antennas this board talks to our base
station machine where we send out
controls receive data and monitor our
systems over a custom gui
in order to increase our ability to
adapt to changing conditions with the
pandemic we began diving deeper into
robot simulation this year using a
platform called webots using the
simulator will enable us to prototype
our code more efficiently and safely
both in person and from home simulation
will also be an important part of
developing the inverse kinematics that
will control the arm mechanism this past
year the mechanical team has overhauled
many components of the rover including
the chassis rocker bogey and the
manipulator the chassis of the rover has
been redesigned using knowledge and
experience gained from ad astra
this year the chassis sports a frame
made from t-slot aluminum extrusion to
provide a solid structure for the
manipulator and science module to be
mounted to the chassis is being kept
level through the use of a bar
differential just like in previous years
our rover mounted on the rocker bulky is
the drive system which consists of six
chain driven wheels
these wheels have been 3d printed out of
a flexible material called tpu meaning
our wheels consist only of a single part
instead of being a complex assembly like
in years past this year we have fully
redesigned our manipulator
the intent behind this was to reduce the
amount of play in the end effector our
manipulator has six degrees of freedom
many of which are being driven through a
timing pulley or lead screw allowing for
the precise positioning of the arm the
end effector design is modified four bar
mechanism driven by a lead screw and
features semi-flexible grip printed at a
tpu
the science test module features a
pulley driven auger system which will
collect soil samples from a site of
interest
the soil is deposited into a collection
tray where it will be mixed with water
and analyzed for key organic compounds
such as sulfate nitrate and ammonia as
well as for ph
once analyzed the soil solution is
safely stored in a waste collection unit
onboard the rover
in addition the module is capable of
detecting environmental readings such as
temperature humidity and atmospheric
pressure allowing us to better
understand the habitability of a test
site
