[Applause]
[Music]
I'm Pat Durham and I'm the president of
the Northern Illinois University Mars
rover team this year with our 20 members
we completely redesigned our Rover with
the knowledge gained from PICUs Martius
the new Rover ad astra which is Latin
for two stars was put together by our
eight subgroups now they're going to
talk about how they put their project
together the chassis was redesigned this
year in order to allow more space to add
internal components as well as simplify
how those components are mounted a bar
differential is used similar to previous
years to keep the rover level the
previous design of the rocker-bogie was
made from steel which while structurally
strong ended up adding a lot of weight
to the rover so this year we redesigned
it using carbon-fiber tubing supported
by aluminum plates and insearch which
ended up dropping the weight
significantly we designed a six degree
of freedom robotic manipulator that
utilizes two linear actuators for heavy
lifting it's capable of 360-degree
rotation and up to 50 inches of reach
we're using 3d printed gears to mate
with encoders for orientation of VR for
the arm we are integrating a control
system that allows the end effector to
translate through world coordinates as
well as allow it to orient itself among
Cartesian axes to do this we use inverse
velocity kinematics and dynamics it's
all for each of the motors and Euler
velocity in real-time the purpose of
this is to facilitate the manual control
of the robotic arm as well as make the
overall motion of the robotic arm
intuitive our new gripper design
implements a lightweight the 4-bar
linkage it is driven directly with a
geared motor to a lead screw that allows
for minimal feedback under high torque
scenarios for the design of the actual
wrist itself we opted to use a dual
motor system which in doing so allows us
to handle higher torques and different
loading scenarios utilizing a dual motor
system for the manipulator and wrist
itself we are able to go for more
lighter design so we opted for a belt
driven system this will
for the design to be much lighter and
possibly more robust compared to a more
traditional geared manipulator system to
more evenly support the load of the
rover the real mounting mechanism was
created where the wheel is supported on
both sides the motors are mounted above
the rocker-bogie away from potential
obstructions on the ground and I train
driven down using custom sprockets
the wheels are redesigned this year to
be 3d printed out of TP which is
thermoplastic polyurethane which is a
flexible plastic this was done to reduce
the number of parts required to put the
wheel together down to one which is
significantly less than what it was in
previous years the science Nash team
opted to use an auger for digging a hole
into the ground and then using that same
hole we are then able to plunge sensors
into it and use that to collect data for
possible eye protection the purpose of
the science task is to determine whether
extinct or accident life exists to do
this we will insert an auger into the
wrist the auger will then drill 6 inches
into the soil the wrist will rotate 180
degrees and release a linear actuator
containing various sensors into the soil
these sensors will test the vitality of
the soil the temperature the relative
humidity the salinity the pH levels the
near infrared sensor will be used to
determine whether essential elements of
life exist in the soil in order to
access the capabilities of the rover
while the PDC B was in development a
test bench composed of X and Arduino
mega a TX 2 & 3 24 volt lipo batteries
were utilized we're using six Talon SRX
ESC s for drive motor control these
utilize PWM signals in order to
communicate with the power distribution
and control board our team is developing
a custom platform powered by the arm
cortex-m four known as marks the
multi-purpose autonomous robotic control
system marks as a six layer custom
circuit board designed assembled and
tested by our team our team has just
started assembling marks in our initial
test and is going great board is
extremely versatile and at the heart of
the rover the board handles data
acquisition for the rover's various
sensors and it's capable of handling any
future instrumentation that's needed
Mark's is also responsible for power
regulation
distribution and monitoring to provide
power to the motors sensors and other
devices on the rover and ensure
everything is working as designs along
with the dedicated team of program
I've actually developed at the code for
our over like a lot of URC teams we use
the robotic operating system as a
foundation for most of our code along
with that we develop a lot of code
in-house and actually use OpenCV
algorithms for our computer vision team
alongside that we have the hardware
portion which uses an nvidia jetson tx2
and the intel realsense camera something
I'm really proud of is we've actually
developed a tiny prototype of the rover
that we develop our code on alongside
the manufacturing and development of the
main world
[Music]
