[Music]
the Northeastern University Mars rover
team is a diverse collection of 35
members from across the universities
colleges of engineering science and
computer science we've approached the
2019 URC with a systems-based strategy
that breaks the Rover into five
subsystems chassis mobility arm life
detection and communications each of
these systems has been optimized to
complete specific parts of this year's
competition the combination of the
subsystems has culminated into our 2019
rover Watney mark 1 we designed our
rover to be a stable as possible notion
we use the full 1.2 meter width
allowance and a chassis height of 0.7
meters to keep our center of gravity low
and well supported in order to meet the
requirements of the task we designed our
Rover to be dn't robust and adaptive our
arm and science payloads are
interchangeable with common electrical
and mechanical interfaces allowing us to
quickly set up for new tasks the rover
will have three main configurations
manipulation which is used for any task
requiring the arm live detection which
replaces the arm with our science
payload in autonomous which uses the arm
and a stereo camera for navigation using
lightweight metals and composite
materials we are able to make our rover
extremely light and strong the base
configuration weighs 35 kilograms total
weight including all of our subsystems
is only 50 kilograms the structural
integrity of the chassis is achieved
through a custom welded aluminum frame
with a factor of safety greater than
three for all components a polycarbonate
enclosure is also used to mount and
protect all electronics the mobility
system features a rocker-bogie
suspension that was chosen for its
stability and climbing capabilities each
wheel is individually driven by a high
torque motor in each hub with these
motors our Rover can climb a 45-degree
incline with only three wheels on the
ground
we've designed a sleek robust and
maneuverable robotic arm to complete the
competition tasks as efficiently as
possible high specific strength carbon
fiber tubing connects six gear motors
enabling five degrees of freedom Plus
gripper actuation
each motor is connected to a gearbox
assembly which amplifies torque and
keeps the motors from back driving the
wrist joint has been specifically
designed to enable 360 degrees of
rotation without compromising cable
routing with the use of a slip ring the
gripper fingers were designed to have
pinned rubber fingertips to ensure a
reliable grasp on any object we may
encounter the life detection subsystem
can identify life and determine if it is
extinct or extant using n IR
spectroscopy chemical test strips and an
ATP assay we collect samples with our
scoop and scan them with an adjustable
height and IR module water is added to
create a slurry which is filtered and
separated into individual sample sight
lines for enzymatic and paper tests we
have successfully verified all critical
components and the payload will be built
by the end of March to allow time for
system integration and testing onboard
the rover the subsystem can distinguish
between extant and extinct life through
the detection of carbon nitrogen Sigma
and carbon carbon PI bonds respectively
the paper tests assay glucose and
proteins to further support the presence
of extant life
the ATP assay provides strong evidence
for extant life we optimized all of our
tests to match the conditions
anticipated the competition in Utah
including the use of dirt shipped from
the region we assigned three custom
boards to interface with our jetson
powered system for power management
motor control and science data
collection these boards contain 8-bit
AVR microcontrollers that communicate
with our sensors using AI to see and the
Jetson over raw cereal to collect GPS
IMU ultrasonic and motor current data a
communication system uses Ubiquiti IP
radios operating on the 2.4 gigahertz
bands these radios offer complete
control over transmission power and
channel width at both the base station
and the rover we've tested this radio
system at a distance of one point two
kilometers using directional antenna
that tracks the rover using GPS data we
operate the rover through two Xbox
controllers one for arm and one for
drive to set speed through adjustable
joysticks since
with additional support from
command-line tools and macros
end-effector control via the reverse
kinematic movement library allows for
intuitive and efficient use of the arms
the autonomous system interfaces with
the drive as an always-on navigation
node with object detection and mapping
for full autonomous the searching
pattern for finding the tennis ball is a
modified outward spiral originating from
the given GPS point the autonomous
system leverages several monocular
cameras a stereo camera ultrasonic
sensors and the on-board Jets in the
provision processing and route
generation none of this would have been
possible without the hard work and
dedication of our team members and the
support of our sponsors we are confident
that we have a fully functional Rover
comeback
