[Music]
hi we're the northeastern university
Mars rover team and we're excited to
compete in this year's University Rover
challenge we learned a lot from our
first year competition and building on
our successes and failures we've
completed a ground-up redesign of our
Rover we are proud to present this
year's Rover Watney mark to
[Music]
all projects start with a strong
foundation our chassis and mobility
system is built around a custom bar
differential rocker-bogie with a focus
on all-terrain navigation and stability
each of our six wheels are individually
driven by a high torque motor giving us
the ability to climb a 45-degree slope
with only three wheels on the ground we
have finalized are designed for custom
3d printed wheels with a honeycomb core
and we are currently working on
manufacturing
[Music]
on top of its chassis Watney carries a
fully custom robotic arm our arm is
comprised of six angled carbon-fiber
housing supporting a parallel grip end
effector the arm is complete with five
degrees of freedom including 720 degrees
of end-effector rotation each joint is
driven by a smart servo actuator with an
added planetary gearbox allowing for
high torque output at each joint our
gripper uses a dual rack and pinion
design to actuate two fingers in
parallel the fingers are padded with a
flexible rubber and have a tested
lifting capacity of five kilograms
[Music]
in order to practice the competition
tasks the equipment servicing Lander has
been simulated using a custom test board
[Music]
to control and power their over we
assigned six custom boards using 32-bit
SCM microcontrollers these boards
communicate with our GPS IMU
ultrasonic temperature and Barry
management sensors used in i2c they also
contain customer driver circuits that
have undergone a rigorous testing these
allow us to collect encoded feedback and
current sense data which is then
processed and sent to an Nvidia Judson
TX to over Ross serial a communication
system uses 2.4 gigahertz base ubiquity
IP radios we've paired these radios with
dipole antennas for short range and a
yoggi directional antenna for long-range
communication our testing is shown we
can maintain contact up to 1.5
kilometers with combined transmit and
receive rates of 18.9 and 17.3 megabits
per second at 1 kilometer our approach
to the scientists or redundant assays an
ear and fret spectrometer or NIR and a
suite of colorimetric tests the NIR is
lowered using a custom linkage and
through it we can look for carbon carbon
and carbon nitrogen bonding which allows
for the identification of life as well
as differentiation between extinct bark
steps after the nir scan samples are
collected through a novel vacuum system
which has been tested on materials with
diameters up to 5 millimeters between
tests a vibration motors help to empty
the tubing reducing cross-contamination
between sites analytes are then
extracted from the samples using water
and measured using the colorimetric
tests giving further support to
conclusions from the NIR data going
forward we will be performing full
competition run throughs using blinded
samples the software development process
for Watney started with the needs of our
operator we've designed a custom UI that
allows for versatile control of all
facets of the rover a fully custom
telemetry system allows users to easily
monitor vital rover information
including battery cell level current
draw across all motors real-time GPS
location and for camera shoots we put a
strong emphasis on simulation and
testing developing custom simulation
environments that mimic those in
competition this has enabled us to
develop an inverse kinematic solution
for our armed operations
and fine-tune our two-part autonomous
ISM our autonomous system includes an
always-on watchdog they use as
ultrasonic sensors current sensors and
lidar data to actively protect the rover
during all challenges we also take
advantage of computer vision EKF
localization and mapping running on an
Nvidia Jetson tx2 this enables us to
successfully navigate to our goal detect
a artex
and avoid obstacles in the process at
this point in the year we have completed
manufacturing and initial testing in the
coming months we'll be continually
testing including two full competition
runners we are highly confident we have
a highly capable Rover come back
