[Music]
NSM r6
the Mars server team of north of the
university is participating in
university rover challenge 2019 for the
very first time considering the
experience the team gathered in Indian
Robertson's 2019 the team is divided
into five sections
those are mechanical electrical software
corporate and science where team of
twenty dedicated people with experience
of two years on robot but this is the
first time we are participating in pure
C which is a you step forward for us and
we want to tackle it strong
in our four-wheeler over the first
problem that we encountered is with the
suspension system and finally we decided
to go with the SMP system which is the
surface mobility platform system while
designing the prototype we tried out
differential gear system rocker-bogie
system and a few other suspension
systems and considering all the aspects
the SMP system performed most
effectively we have designed custom-made
wheels for the rover which are eight
inches in diameter and five inches in
width
we used our one inch rubber grips on the
wheels which primarily acts as a better
contact with the ground and secondarily
acts as a shock absorber for DC gear
motors have been used which are
customized by our electrical team to
make the motors more capable to perform
the tests in any circumstances each
motor has a torque of 245 Newton meter
requires 12 volts of voltage and 12 of
current in no-load and 5 amps in full
load to operate the electrical team
designed a circuit which supplies a
constant current to evenly control the
speed and torque of the motors the team
has designed custom-made PCBs to
minimize the circuit size BTS 796 0b are
used to control the actuators and the
motors we're using two microcontrollers
want to control the arm and the other to
control the wheels while working with
the rover body we had to consider a lot
of aspects which includes the body
weight height and strength we used metal
bars to build the rover body and
fabricated in individual parts of the
rover in our workshop one of the most
challenging parts when building a rover
is designing its arm we have had to go
throughout a series of trial and errors
to perfect the arm and its movements the
arm is made by 1.5 millimeters stainless
steel sheets it comprises of four
detachable parts three of three for the
movement which are controlled by three
actuators and one for the gripping
mechanism which is controlled by a DC
Guillermo
the arm has a total freedom of 60
degrees on the horizontal axis and can
reach up to a height of 1.5 meters from
the ground the rover can lift weights up
to 5 kgs the software team is working
overtime on the GPS and compass based
algorithm for tackling the autonomous
tasks we're using an ultrasonic sensor
and image processing for obstacle
avoiding an obstacle detection for the
science task we designed an onboard
testing and off word testing system
after collecting the soil from the
ground the rover analyzes and tests the
soil and sends back the test results to
the control center the collected soil is
brought back to the base station for
further examination by comparing the
onboard and off-board results we can get
an accurate measurement of the pH level
water content and the electrolytic
measurements of the soil for the field
test we took the rover to Busan the
residential area where we did some test
runs on uneven landscape to check our
suspension system and it worked out
better than we expected the main ground
tests that we did are testing our
suspension system the gripping system
video transmission and communication
as IRC 2019 was our first Rover
competition we learned from the mistakes
and overcame those mistakes to stand in
a better position
[Music]
