[Music]
hi we are the nus robert team from the
national university of singapore and we
are a group of 28 students from stem
backgrounds developing our rover's new
opportunity
2022 marks our third attempt at the
university rover challenge and we have
been working hard at refining and
improving our previous year's designs
our key subsystems include chassis
mobility science robotic arm navigation
communications as well as electrical
control perhaps the most significant
design change has been made to the
rover's chassis this year we opted for
an aluminium truss chassis which is
strong serviceable and streamlined
compared to our biggest carbon fiber
base plate design which we found
difficult to simulate and work with the
truss chassis is entirely composed of
aluminium two zero to zero extrusions
connected by aluminium brackets this use
of aluminium extrusions allows for great
modularity and ease of assembly for our
chassis especially concerning our
detachable global arm and science
package moreover the aluminum x regions
are lightweight have a high strength to
weight ratio and fva results of our
simplified model show deflections within
an acceptable range which is below 1000
of the extrusion limit as specified by
the manufacturer
the mobility system of the rover is
comprised of a wheel subassembly rocker
bogie suspension and differential joint
connecting the suspension to the chassis
the rocker movie suspension was chosen
to ensure that the chassis remains
parallel to the ground at all times the
suspension is designed such that the
rover can traverse objects up to 30
centimeters in height without
compromising the stability of the system
brushless dc motors were chosen since
they can provide high torque at a low
rpm the wheels on your opportunity are
made from durable puncture resistant
rubber which allows us to adjust the
pressure within the wheels based on the
terrain the rover is steered using a six
wheel differential drive mechanism and
the control input customer joystick or
the autonomous control our science panel
consists of three units the collection
unit extraction unit and analysis unit
the collection unit consists of a scoop
that is lowered raised and moved towards
the extraction and analysis units by a
linearly actuated platform there is also
an ultrasonic sensor to monitor the
scoop's clearance from the ground and
the camera mounted closely to the scoop
to monitor the sample volume the
extraction unit x-ray accent isolates
the potential biomolecules from the soil
substrate for further analysis by their
collection the solar samples are
sonicated to formalize and then filtered
using a 0.2 micron filter the analysis
unit consists of a carousel of 30
disposable classic qubits allowing us to
test samples from from six sides with
five different assays the qubit of
interest will be subjected to the
spectrophotometer laser and sensor to
reduce its composition the entire
assembly will be housed in a light group
package to eliminate interference from
potential light sources during
spectroscopic analysis we designed the
six degrees of freedom watercolor to
allow for almost human light
articulation and eliminate singularities
to enable the arm motion five servos and
the stepper motor are used the stepper
motor is used in the base where maximum
torque is needed whereas servos are used
at all the other joints
at key joints harmonic drives are
utilized to amplify output torque while
minimizing size and weight of the drives
they also help reduce backlash which is
important when maneuvering tight spaces
to enable precise control inverse and
forward kinematics and path planning
algorithms are implemented
our anti-vector is a simple two-pronged
gripper a camera is placed on the end
defector to help the operator gain a
detailed view of the tasks and thus
operate the armor probability the
navigation system utilizes depth cameras
an imu and a gnss module to perform
various navigation tasks such as
localization and path planning
for localization and automation we've
used sensor data using two ekf nodes one
for local and another for the global
frame of reference as for path planning
we make use of real-time
appearance-based mapping or rtecmap
which is an rgb slam approach to create
a 3d point cloud of the environment and
the 2d occupancy grid
the communication system uses a 2.4
gigahertz link the base station is
equipped with a ubiquiti air max sector
antenna on a rotational mount and the
rover uses an omnidirectional antenna
both antennae are connected to ubiquiti
rocket m2s which are 2x2 mimo radios the
rubber and the base station communicate
via ubiquity's time division multiple
access airmax protocol
the communication is done using data
packets which have been standardized
based on the commands that need to be
sent to the rover and the feedback
coming into the base station the final
step is the visualization of data at the
base station this is done via a
user-friendly console consisting of a
gui to send commands and new data
transmitted from the rover
to support the robot's mechanical and
software capabilities we have designed a
robust electrical system the rover is
powered by two 12v command batteries
along with dc-dc converters to provide
the range of voltages required by the
components the electronics box is
organized for easy troubleshooting we
are using an l-shaped design with a
detachable cover for easy accessibility
for heat ventilation we have added holes
in the back of the box and we will also
be using fans attached to the cover
in addition the box also has an
emergency buttons to stop all operations
we also have an led strip to indicate
the mode of operation of the rover
