we are the Oregon State University Mars
rover team for the past seven months we
have been researching designing and
building the next generation Mars rover
ready to compete in USA 2018
our team is split into four sub teams
mechanical electrical software and
science but I'll work together to create
a powerful intelligent robot learning
from our successes and failures from
last year's competition we have made
dramatic improvements to all aspects of
our Rovers design we are largely reusing
our competition proven chassis from last
year it retains the six independently
driven wheels with balloon tires and a
simple triple bogie suspension system
that enabled us to successfully navigate
the variety of terrains encountered
during the competition tasks our custom
Prodicus ybox have been designed to fit
all our electronics in a compact space
saving weight and leaving more room for
the arm and navigation Tower the
navigation tower consists of our radio
and main camera pan tilt assembly our
ubiquity radio attaches to the main mast
with sheet metal and Teflon brackets to
reduce weight and radio interference the
main camera pan tilt is elevated to
allow a wide field of view we are also
including an additional two cameras on
the rover one and a pan tilt at the
front of the chassis and another at the
rear with the view of the undercarriage
these will give us an unimpeded view of
the rover and its surroundings while we
still have a fully functional backup arm
from last year we decided that a
significant redesign was necessary to
excel a competition our new arm contains
over 60 custom CNC machine parts and has
six degrees of freedom that allow it to
contort to many other wise and retool
positions saving us valuable time and
giving us greater flexibility for of the
arm joints have harmonic drive gearboxes
which will have minimal backlash high
torque extreme accuracy absolute
encoders at each joint give us precise
feedback on the orientation of the arm
at all times having learned the
importance of fine control and rovard
operator communication from last year we
designed our new and effector with three
under actuated fingers as well as force
and position feedback our end effector
has a wide grasping range for
manipulating heavy tools or containers
in the extreme retrieval and delivery
tasks while still providing fine control
to adjust knobs and switches for
equipment servicing with a wide-angle
camera embedded in the palm the gripper
we will have a direct line of sight to
the objects we interact with for the
first time in our team's URC history
Rover software now runs on robot
operating system
this move reflects the need for complex
autonomous decision-making and also
works harmoniously with the
decentralized nature of this year's
electrical systems we're using an Nvidia
Jetson to host the Ross framework this
high-performance computer gives us the
ability to run multiple cameras and
transfer high bandwidth data to our
ground station while maintaining a small
physical footprint and long battery life
communication with Hardware on the rover
is primarily being done over Modbus
using 485 Modbus I'm sure is more
reliable communication the hardware
nodes on the rover with a proven
industrial standard an important
addition this year is the Zed stereo
vision camera system which will
supplement our GPS and I am you with
obstacle avoidance data during the
autonomous phase of competition our
custom ground station software will
display multiple Rover video feeds
mapping data arm joint positions rover
heading system statuses and autonomy
controls on two monitors while also
transmitting drive arm and camera
control data back to the rover this year
we have implemented a decentralized
electronic system that moves much of the
complicated circuitry out of our main
electronics box into a network of
interconnected nodes spread across the
Rover this custom network allows for
seamless replacement of broken nodes in
the field keeping us running throughout
the competition
our communication system utilizes the
ubiquity rocket m2 radio for high
bandwidth reliable communication we have
tested the ubiquity radios locally
beyond the ranges that we expect during
the years you RC competition and they've
performed extremely well in order to
increase the reliability of our drive
system we've designed our own custom
motor drivers that have a lot of
overhead built in to prevent failures we
improved our supply chain by purchasing
components for more reliable vendors
which will increase dependability of the
systems in our Rover we are reusing our
robust six cell lipo battery from last
year as a provided sufficient power for
an entire day of competition to address
the scientific challenge the river will
be equipped with a shrouded auger to
retrieve oil samples several on-board
probes and an automated sterile sample
containment device the soil probe will
measure soil temperature salinity and
water content both on surface and
subterranean soil a dust sensor will
also be used on the rover to evaluate
field conditions high dust content
environment poses a risk to verbal
functionality over a long mission for
the laboratory portion of this challenge
two tests are planned the first will use
in hydrants grade test for the presence
of amino acids in the soil the hydrent
organic molecule reacts with amino acids
to form a purple dye which is easily
visible in the soil sample the second
type of tests that will be utilized is a
garden-variety soil test this will give
an estimate of how much nitrogen and
phosphorus burns in the soil as well as
the pH thank you for considering us for
this year's URC we can't wait to see you
in Utah
[Music]
