welcome to the Oh yer over team and the
rover which we hope to take to
competition in Utah the oh you has a
mass society and 30 members of the oh
you Rover team mostly undergraduate
engineering students with some
postgraduate students in fields of space
science the Open University is a unique
educational institution offering the
opportunities for study later in life
and a really cost-effective way to earn
a degree as a young person - in addition
the Open University is one of Europe's
leading space science research centres
involved in major European Space Agency
missions from the famous rosetta mission
to land on a comet like the Beagle 2
mission to Mars
2x a Mars which will see the first
European Rover on Mars so in our first
year of trying to compete in URC we
wanted to make some of the mechanical
things as straightforward as possible so
we're using extruded aluminium for the
frame of the rover which makes it easy
to go through rapid iterations and to
make some modular sections as well we've
got four brushless DC motors powering
the propulsion the wheels are 30
centimeters in diameter are quite large
and we had to come up with some kind of
customer solution for tread they are
foam filled so there's no inflation but
yet they're soft enough to deform around
objects such as rocks and covered in
rubber and plastic we tested various
types of wheels in the Mars yard and
over Hard Rock's hard basalt rocks and
the initial wheels that we had didn't
work so well they were too hard so these
wheels are softer and allow us to
navigate over hard rocks the suspension
it made with gas struts so that the
wheels remain flat as they're navigating
obstacles so the roller must perform
complex tasks are set out in the
competition rules so to make sure that
we can be successfully and complete all
the tasks we built out comprehensive
software stack so this ensures that we
can control the rover remotely
manipulate the arm and the gripper
control significant equipment take
remote imagery and drive live video
feeds we have also equipped the rollaway
4 cameras for still imagery and two
video cameras for live video feeds to
make sure that we get all the data to
our base station we have a provision for
radio communication which goes over four
frequencies to four video feeds and two
for uplink and
communication so the heart of the rover
will be a Raspberry Pi 3 and this will
be powered by a 12-volt battery with a
DC to DC converter these 12-volt
batteries will power the PI and all of
the scientific instruments and all of
these instruments will be able to
complete the task for us we also have a
custom electronics box made by proto
case our sponsors who've kindly given us
$2,000 of funding and this will house
all of our electronics and protect them
from the dust and potential rain we
finally have a manual kill switch on the
rover and this kill switch will be able
to stop the rover in its tracks in case
of any potential damage
we've put lots of thoughts in sight
acquisition and assessment the panorama
image at a distance of 20 meters will
show sufficient detail to really
determine the stratigraphic column and
using the same camera at a distance of
less than 20 centimeters will enable us
to make a good guess at the grain size
and the minerals present and from that
the history of water when society is
acquired the rover will use an auger to
drill to a depth of at least 10
centimeters discarding soil from the
first drill soil from beneath 10
centimeters will be collected and
channeled into the sample containers
containment in the carousel the rover
will be able to carry out a pH test and
carbonate test in situ and the
subsequent samples will be retained
unsealed and returned to the lab one of
the tasks for the competition is known
as the equipment servicing task this
task requires a robotic arm which we've
made custom this robotic arm has
multiple degrees of freedom including 4
actuators and 2 DC motors this will
allow us to be very flexible with our on
and 2 minute manipulate objects such as
free drivers draws and trades the
robotic arm is currently being machined
and ready for competition the final
iteration will have less material making
it lighter but the same design utilizing
linear actuators a lever system which
minimizes the length of actuators
required our differential to achieve the
final two degrees of freedom and end
effectors with the reader over 1 meter
the powerful arm can lift objects with 5
kilos and place them in a collection
tray where we use
extreme retrieval tasks Robo has the
ability to retain GPS coordinates and
protocols for obstacle detection and
avoidance using Python and OpenCV we
created a program for object detection
using the rope as peripheral cameras an
image will be received by the robot and
transmitted through the function if was
detected the rover will return a
confirmation message of the detection as
well as an annotated image of the
detected object
[Music]
[Music]
