pc0 per team is a team composed of new
members we follow in the direction our
predecessors have set constantly
improving our Mars rover the team
registered number to 10 people including
eight new ones all our members are
students of the Faculty of mechanical
engineering and computer science at the
just 1/2 University of Technology we are
divided into four groups the most
numerous group is the team of
electronics engineers and programmers
the other are mechanical engineers
scientific team and PR our tasks are
planned through the trailer
internet-based
tool thanks to the use of this program
it is possible to quickly manage current
work which enables efficient time
management the gate version control
system is a tool that simplifies the
work for programmers it allows you to
safely save programs in the cloud and
share it with another programmer after
setting goals we started the design
process we call the new Rover modern hit
3 we did not change the mechanical
structure based on the rocker-bogie
suspension because it caught well last
year it was only adapted to the new
dimensional regulations the construction
is made of aluminum and polyamide and
it's dimensions are 1.2 meter per 1.2
meter with a maximum weight of 48
kilograms its full speed is 10
kilometers per hour our Rover is a six
wheeled construction with 15-inch wheels
over the period of their exploitation we
have detected weak points such as -
brittle material the configuration has
been remodeled and made with greater
accuracy of 3d printing there overs
off-road capabilities have been
increased and their service life of the
tires is at much higher level each wheel
has a motor set consisting of DC gear
motor and encoders that map the position
and speed of the rubber the manipulator
is a well designed construction it
consists of three parts and has five
degrees of freedom it is able to lift
over seven kilograms special jaws can
pick up objects of various shapes even
very small ones we have specially
designed jaws to collect soil samples
allowing you to collect a sufficient
amount of soil for testing on one
approach the basis directional antennas
and the self guided system connected to
them which allows to increase the
communication
range cameras place on there over a lot
of starvation of its surroundings three
of them are mounted on the regulator and
can be rotated and directed because they
were mounted on service the rest of the
cameras just like a manipulator are able
to move the core of our control system
is NVDA Judson tx2 which communicates
with the base by two ways the main one
is Gigabit Ethernet and the second is
Laura 433 megahertz system and the
rs-422 protocol Nvidia jets on tx2
communication with peripheral boards is
carried out using the RS 488 interface
enriched with the custom written
protocol to detect errors and collisions
peripheral boards have enough computing
power due to the use of powerful stm32f4
all seven processors we use 3 lithium
polymer batteries to supply the systems
2 of them give voltage of 25 volts and
the third one the voltage of 19 volts
due to the characteristics of LED added
some tx2 this system removes the need to
guard communication and gives time to
perform the assigned tasks visualize
coordinates of high-quality GPS improve
access to targets and high resolution
cameras speed up the search for items we
use to controllers to operate the
vehicle on joystick is used for driving
the other one for steering the
manipulator
after being redesigned the robot has
almost identical drivability and thanks
to the reduction it has become more
resistant to shocks and large obstacles
new software functions automatically
care for the quality of the
communication and switch between
themselves when one of them loses signal
the manipulators as inverse kinematics
and self leveling of components which
have been updated and made on a more
efficient stm32 processor which
increased the efficiency and smoothness
of movements the original control panel
has been written from scratch the
autonomic system is based on the edits
on tx2 and the neural network the
computer receives information such as
GPS data from the 8hrs system and
cameras the program traces their out
then the camera and a hrs system provide
data to the neural network so that it
can secure
the passage of our robot in front of the
walls steep climbs and the descents in
order to search for the final
destination in search of a tennis ball
we have prepared the module consisting
of wide range of sensors to study soil
samples in terms of eight geological
parameters it has an additional
laboratory system on the rover board
which consists of six solenoid valves
and one water pump the pump sucks the
sample into the vials where it is tested
biologically the results are interpreted
by the computer and sensors as well as
through the camera by the rubber
operator to be sure of the results
