pc0 of our team has constructed five
Rovers so far the best was modernity
Rover which took third place during
University Rover challenge 2017 the team
consists of 11 students of faculty of
mechanical engineering and computer
science at Czestochowa University of
Technology we are divided into five
groups such as mechanical engineers
electrical engineers software engineers
science team and PR task management salt
using a web-based tool called Strela
which allows for assigning tasks to the
teams quickly and efficiently in october
we started constructing our new Rover it
is called modern Institute new
construction both many of aluminum and
polyamide
is 2 meters in length 1.35 metres in
width
weights 45 kilograms and its maximum
velocity reaches 15 km/h laser cut
technology was applied as well as
milling plating bending and welding the
suspension is of type rocker-bogie the
frame is a truss made of durable
aluminum 6061 tower and was cut from the
three millimeters metal sheet there over
is a six wheel two vehicle with
custom-made 3d printed 14 inches wheels
they improved fill capabilities while
maintaining the same way of the drive
module a DC brush motor is installed in
each wheel the compact free part
manipulator has five degrees of freedom
and is able to lift the weight up to
seven kilograms the jaws can lift items
of various shapes and dimensions
including very small ones laying on the
hard ground we have specially designed
jaws to collect soil samples
allowing to collect a sufficient amount
of soil for testing and one approach
control and vision system is based upon
Wi-Fi 2.4 gigahertz and 5.8 gigahertz
wireless communication the base uses
directional antennas in their homing
system which allowed to increase the
range of communication 6ip digital
cameras allow for precise operation of
the rover this year a stereo vision
system was created combined with VR
goggles
three cameras are mounted from service
so we can freely change their settings
during tasks the core of the control
system is at mega 2560 which
communicates with the modules on the
rover via rs-485 interface for power
supply we use two polymer lithium
batteries which give a total voltage of
25 volts and had a capacity of 6 ampere
hours age and which is managed by the
power manager module a safety switch has
been installed on the rover we use two
controllers to operate the vehicle one
joystick is for driving the other for
controlling the manipulator the right
ability of the rover has been improved
thanks to which it can overcome larger
turn obstacles
the stabilization of the antennas on the
rover has increased the range of
communication and the new software
functions will increase reliability in
case of communication loss visualization
of the GPS coordinates will improve
reaching the target and high resolution
IP cameras will speed up the search for
objects in the field enhancement later
with inverse kinematics and self
leveling of parts will significantly
accelerate the performance of precise
tasks this year the origin of control
panel has been expanded for
visualization of the manipulator and
signal strength which facilitates
monitoring of parameters
the autonomous system uses GPS a
magnetometer and the camera that
searches for the appropriate colors and
shapes this year also lidar is going to
be applied as well as image analysis
from stereo vision cameras which allows
neural networks to learn specific
behaviors we have prepared a module
consisting of white range of sensors to
study soil samples in terms of eight
geological parameters together with
laboratory tests these measurements will
allow to assess whether life can occur
in a given area chromatic containers
allow for transporting examples the
tests which are a very important part of
the project consists of five parts
manipulator test suspension test
communication test autonomous system
test and final tests each of which has
its own sub tests with given priorities
the system is considered to be working
if the weighted average result of the
test exceeds 90%
