hey
we are the pcc rover team from poland
and we are proud to present you this
year's rover
we are the students of the chancellor
university of technology at the faculty
of mechanical engineering and computer
science
the last year brought us many challenges
that we had to deal with
due to pandemics we had to work remotely
therefore we focused our activities on
those that did not require direct
contact despite the difficulties and
contacts we have worked hard to ensure
that our project fully reflects our
development and skills
we know how important it is to transfer
knowledge and valuable experience
therefore we have recruited 20
enthusiastic new team members
our rover modernity free in the most
complex configuration does not exceed
48.5 kilograms of weight
its dimensions are 1800 millimeters by
1150 millimeters by
1195 millimeters we used six 14 inch
wheels printed in a 3d printer
which are also light and allow efficient
driving on sandy rocky and gravel
grounds
our vehicle has a lower level of gravity
which allows it to drive steadily even
on a 45 inch inclined terrain
the rover is able to reach a speed of 12
miles per hour which equals 18
kilometers per hour
it is powered by three lithium polymer
batteries
they are a source of energy ensuring up
to 120 minutes of continuous operation
all rover actions can be stopped with a
mounted emergency power cutoff switch
which is mounted in an easily accessible
place on the rover casing
directional antennas at the base of
operations are automatically directed
towards the rover which has an antenna
mask with stabilization system in all
axes
the vision in the field is provided by
five high resolution ip cameras and two
stereoscopic cameras located in critical
places on the rover
all of them are controlled by a server
mechanism we have refined the
manipulator control system to reach the
maximum precision and control the rover
is equipped with a manipulator arm that
has six degrees of freedom and consists
of three members
our streamlined structure is able to
lift objects up to nine kilograms we
have got our implementation of the
fabric inverse kinematics system for
quick response of the system to operate
the comments
our improvement of the inverse
kinematics is done by using
accelerometers installed on each member
the specially developed controller
facilitates the work with the
manipulator using combination inverse
kinematics algorithm and the
interpretation of human movements
it performs complex movements designed
to mimic humans when operating items
such as switches knobs keyboards and
sockets
the manipulator has a new assembly and
disassembly system which allows us for
very easy and quick maintenance and
deployment the control panel developed
by our team fully meets our requirements
not satisfied with ready-made solutions
its basic functions includes controlling
each component on the rover visualizing
the position of the manipulator
visualizing vehicle orientation in the
field saving road travels and managing
the autonomy subsystem based on the next
com onboard computer with the 3dz camera
we upgraded our software for autonomous
navigation mission the combined robot
operating system with convolutional
neural networks in python based on
tensorflow library while travels to gps
waypoints our new system analyzes the
area to detect obstacles depth from
camera and imu data help detecting
obstacles
rover all the time is keeping detected
obstacles under control and searching
for free path 3d camera with opencv
library is also being used for detecting
ar tags
rover signalizes autonomous operation
and successful arrival at the post
through led indicator
we would like to demonstrate our project
for the science mission which has been
upgraded and redesigned this year we
concentrate on colometrical and spectral
analysis of the soil material for this
purpose we designed two new systems of
soil collection using the solidworks
software
they provide complex solution for soil
distribution basing on a rotating
revolver containing test tubes and
equipped with all the necessary items
spectrophotometer lightning and ip
camera the soil is collected using
mechanical claws and mixed with clean
water which is infiltrated to obtain a
clear solution and avoid clogging the
pipes
the solution is then transferred to
particular sets of test tubes filled
previously with all necessary chemical
reagents for calimetrical reactions
the spectral analysis is conducted using
special cuvettes every difference in
expected values indicates that some
other particles are present in the water
possibly biomolecules
the spectral analysis is particularly
important in terms of determining extant
and extinct life calometrical tests will
be contacted in the test tubes they will
allow us to detect amino acids and
proteins all results will be watched
remotely by the team members
