hi we are the PCs at Berger team we are
from Poland and we represent the
Technical University of Jehovah and the
Faculty of medical engineering and
computer science we have a lot of
experience in construction robbers the
latest design is the sixth Rover built
by our team the team has 12 members of
which six joined us through recruitment
and participated in the project process
the team is organized into specialized
departments mechanics electronics IT
professionals science team and PR
departments we are proud that we
represent you our new construction in
September we started a project called
modernity free the new vehicle is
designed to carry out the toughest of
field tasks we have worked hard all year
on our project always striving for the
highest reliability and quality system
of testing samples is based on lateral
Tator with sample tubes digital
spectrophotometer and further tests
which proved that spectral analysis was
done correctly to ensure the best
results of the tests samples are
filtered accordingly to remove all
remaining contaminations and the liquid
solution is transported to quartz cadets
in order to perform a spectral analysis
at Waveland 260 nanometer and 280
nanometer to detect DNA RNA proteins and
enzymes the fully proof that the testing
of sample was done correctly with
additional tests as Fehlings tests in
order to distinguish aldehyde group
ATP test to the terminal microbial
activity pH test at pure test for
protein detection given tests are used
to get reputable and reliable results
all of our tests are color metric
modernity free is a compact design
it weighs 48 kilograms and it's full
dimensions are 1800 by 1150 millimeters
and 1150 by 1100
fifteen others during rain it has large
14-inch pre-printed wheels and achieves
a top speed of 1200 meters per hour
the vehicle is powered by three lithium
polymer batteries which power a model
our electronic architecture and a lock
for 120 minutes of operation the vehicle
is equipped with an emergency stop that
disconnects the power supply directional
antennas from the base of operations are
automatically directed towards near over
which has an antenna mast or
stabilization system in our axis program
activities / monitors through seven high
resolution IP cameras the ability to
move cameras using several mechanisms
allows you to better assess the
situation around there over the
redesigned suspension has a low center
of gravity that allows their / to
navigate Stern slopes exceeding 45
degrees the rocker-bogie system spreads
the forces and started to individual
wheels allowing making off-road
obstacles easier to overcome their over
is equipped with a manipulator arm that
has 6 degrees of freedom is optimized
for mobility and precision and can live
up to 8 kilograms the specially
developed manipulator controller is very
intuitive and with the use of inter
semantics reduces the time needed to
perform operations the manipulators
first can make complex movements such as
flip switches unscrew items
operate a keyboard or specify the
dimensions of the object being raised
the manipulator has a new assembly and
the disassembly system which allows for
us very easy and quick maintenance and
deployment the rover manager application
we created allows commands underthings
visualization of the magnetic position
vehicle orientation in the veldt
Rico of their over route travel software
controls signal quality the taking
instability and if needed retire action
data to the appropriate band the new
autonomy system is based on the next
come onboard computer and free camera
which provide vision of death and
standard camera image it is done by the
tensorflow
library from Google implemented sensors
such as a GPS accelerometer and compass
with stereo camera others identify
uneven terrain and impossible obstacles
we had a convenient panel that allows
you to quickly enter GPS coordinates
points between stages and displaying the
current position of her over on the map
the neural network has been trained to
search for a Arcos repeatedly improved
with a variety of learning data trying
to predict every possible perspective
view when they're over reaches its
destination and it meets the
requirements for given stage it signals
the end tests are a very important part
of the project we have tested our system
extensively on modular level and as an
assemblage unit we are in the process of
conducting system and validation tests
we carry out tests in that simulate
scenarios such as overloads emergencies
and random events at this stage
operators gain experience and learn
control system
you
