hi who are diverse the dumpling Pegasus
free river team a group of six students
working to build and improve our 1300
Rover I'm looking forward to go back and
compete at the Twain and tu aussi we
were the first UK team to qualify and
compete at the University Rover
challenge building on that experience we
have changed the rover to improve its
performance and comply with the new you
RC requirements for the extreme
retrieval and delivery mission
traversing through rough terrain and
steep slopes is fundamental
based upon largest Designer experience
at the competition this year we've
decided to work on a number of changes
the team focused on achieving a
substantial mass reduction while
increasing the system reliability this
was done by changing the suspension and
the chassis design in order to increase
stability the team has increased the
rover's track width and wheelbase as
well as the robots clearance from the
ground these changes allow the rover to
traverse steeper slopes and more
challenging terrain the newly
implemented differential bar system
transmits motion from one side of the
suspension to the other in order to
maximize real contact with the ground
last year's plate suspension has been
replaced with one constructed from
carbon fibre tubes and graphite
reinforced nylon SLS 3d printed inserts
these provide the suspension with the
required strength and flexibility needed
while achieving a considerable mass
reduction to ensure that the
carbon-fiber tube suspension was a
suitable choice a compression test was
performed in a servo hydraulic machine
this year's chassis is constructed out
of lightweight welded aluminium
cassation in order to reduce traction
losses the team has implemented a direct
drive system which also provides higher
torque in order to complete the extreme
retrieval mission the rover will use its
five degree of freedom robotic arm which
is capable of lifting payloads of up to
six point five kilograms at maximum
extension flexible rubber on the
grippers fingers provides additional
friction the robotic arm is also used in
the equipment servicing mission the
cameras attached the robotic arm allow
for accurate and precise movement of the
end effector which allows manipulation
of knobs buttons
drawers and keyboards
delivering a stable and reliable
electronic system that integrates a
newly designed science package and
allows for autonomous and teleoperation
control is the focus for this year to
complete the teleoperation missions the
rover is wirelessly networked with the
base station via two 2.4 gigahertz a
maximum range of between 700 and 1,000
meters has been determined during
testing depending on terrain control
commands are sent to the rover computer
which relays them to the rover control
unit the rover control unit controls
actuators and motors while reading
signals from sensors and transmitting
the data to the rover main computer
where possible groups of sensors and
circuits are localized on custom PCBs
for the science thus we have built a
camera vision system which uses the
reflectance properties of the elements
to identify potential life on rock and
soil samples science system is attached
to the end of the robotic arm 12 pairs
of LEDs that emit light ranging from
ultraviolet to infrared are used to
illuminate the samples these are mounted
on a PCB that is connected to a
microcontroller spectral graphs are
obtained from data that is required by a
calibrated CMOS sensor which detects UV
visible and infrared light a flexible
foam enclosure allows us to image in
completely dark conditions regardless of
terrain and to accurately detect the
light reflected from the sample once
acquired pictures are transmitted to the
base station for analysis these are used
to generate a reflectance spectrum graph
for each pixel in the image to identify
which compounds are present results are
compared to a database of the spectra of
bio and geo markers commonly used as
live detectors such as sulfates
carbonates and chlorophyll the
characteristics of these compounds will
allow us to detect if life is extant
extinct or neither for autonomous
navigation we have developed new ways to
detect and avoid undesirable terrain
while also improving the range and
accuracy of the tennis-ball detector a
new system to create an obstacle map
from elevation data and aerial images
has been developed giving the rover the
ability to minimize traversal time over
rough terrain without having to build a
map during teleoperation
a far more robust tennis-ball detector
allows the rover to be resilient to
noise and ensure that a tennis ball has
been located at ranges of up to ten
meters from the rover using a method
based on multi scale template matching
GPS rotary encoders an inertial
measurement unit and a connect v2 sensor
provide input to an extended Kalman
filter allowing the rover to predict its
location with a reduced impact from
sensor drift similarly to last year the
rover will be tested in the Airbus Mars
yard thanks for watching and we hope to
see you at the UIC
