we're team Pegasus for representing the
University of Southampton at the 2020
University Rover challenge we remain the
only team from the UK to have qualified
having had the privilege of competing in
the UFC for the past two years this year
we intend to return with an improved
Rover having redesigned some of the
critical systems to make them more
robust for the competition this year the
wheels are getting an upgrade to reduce
the slip from last year we are using the
direct drive system with new wheels we
also have a new airless deformable tire
made of natural rubber it has the
benefits of inflatable wheels of molding
around small bumps it's also more
resistant to scratches and there's no
risk of getting a puncture the wheels
have been made wider to increase grip
and the motors are encased by the wheels
to protect them from knocks we carried
out a heat transfer analysis to ensure
that the motors do not overheat as part
of the extreme retrieval mission the
rover will make use of a six degree of
freedom robotic arm with a grip
attachment the arm has been designed
with the five kilogram max weight aspect
of the challenge and can lift up to six
and a half kilograms at full extension
an innovative a 3d printed semi flexible
rubber gripper provides excellent
friction upon grasping an object's aided
by the slight deformation around it with
the camera pointed towards the end
effector and the fine motor controls the
arm is capable of picking up heavy
weights grasping small objects
and typing on a keyboard we are also
implementing reverse kinematics to
improve arm control and precision we
upgraded the communication system to
increase throughput received at the base
station thus resulting in better rover
video feedback quality this year for our
electronic system we have improved
reliability and the safety of all the
circuitry inside our main computer is
the Nvidia Jetson Eiji Xavier a computer
specifically designed for computer
vision applications the device will
handle the high level functions of the
software system such as route planning
and a our code recognition for local
route planning and obstacle avoidance we
are using a set stereo camera for pose
estimation we are fusing data from a GPS
receiver an inertial measurement unit
and odometry data from the wheel
encoders using an extended Kalman filter
the stereo camera also provides an
additional odometry stream by tracking
visual features in its frame we have
implemented a our code recognition
testing has shown that the system
responds to a our codes enter in the
camera frame the rover attempts to align
itself with the AR code and move towards
it this year we use MATLAB SAP designer
to develop a graphical user interface
that displays vital information about
the status of the rover
this gives the user better situational
awareness than monitoring this
information over command line also be a
secondary input source to use as a
backup should the primary input devices
fail we have a two degree of freedom
camera on the mast of the rover to give
us a 360-degree view from the base the
master camera drive system and robotic
arm can be controlled with gaming
controllers to identify the possible
presence or traces of life we're using
optical imaging the system utilizes
reflectance values from any sample
presented to us to match it to a
specimen in the database the system is
an interchangeable attachment for the
robotic arm and includes 12 pairs of
LEDs whose wavelength vary from
ultraviolet to infrared
they are sequentially active
by a local microcontroller to illuminate
the sample an unfiltered calibrated CMOS
sensor images the samples at each
wavelength so spectral graphs can be
calculated the images are processed on
board with a K nearest neighbor
algorithm match to a manual database and
those results are sent back to the base
station at base their data will be
evaluated for biological and geological
indicators for life such as sulfates
carbonate and chlorophyll we also plan
to test our Rover in the Airbus Mars
yard in April this is the same place
that the ESA s ExoMars Rover is
currently being tested this will give us
experience testing the rover in a tough
or an environment with a similar terrain
to Mars itself thank you for watching we
are team Pegasus
