hi I'm Adam this is the baron robotics
Club submission for 2023's URC system
acceptance review video
when we started designing the gearboxes
we already had our wheel diameter and
our motor selected so from here we could
back out the ideal gear ratio of 27-1
and we also knew that we wanted a
standard set of gearbox instead of a
reverted or planetary gearbox so that
way we could remove our motor from the
ground and get maximum ground clearance
so with this in mind we started looking
for gearboxes and we saw all the
commercially available boxes were just
heavy and expensive so this prompted us
to buy gear stock and we bought a soft
steel gear stock so that way we could
cut it and machine it to the size we
want unfortunately this steel had a low
fatigue life and low strength so what we
did to solve that is once the gears were
machined and sized correctly we case
hardened them with a pack carburizing
process which gave us a tough ductal
core and a hard exterior to withstand
the wearing of the gears that's what led
to our final design of the gearbox which
not only gave us the torque ratio that
we wanted and a
slim profile with the case harden but it
also removes the gearbox as far away
from the center of the wheel as possible
to achieve maximum ground clearance
a lot of thought went to the wheel
design for our Rover we knew we wanted a
large wheel that would allow our Rover
to easily climb the terrain of the
desert we also wanted a wheel that could
absorb the impact in case the Rover were
to fall off a small ledge
our first wheel design used ABS plastic
this wheel design was 3D printed and is
the proper size for our Rover this wheel
also does a good job of transmitting the
torque from the center shaft to the
outside of the wheel however when we did
an impact test by putting a metal bar
through the center of the wheel and then
dropping at a half meter with 50 pounds
of load it failed at this point we
wanted to modify our design and for
impact by using ansys we were able to
simulate drops from different heights
this led us to believe that our original
wheel design had needed modified and our
material Choice also needed to change
this led us to our second wheel which
uses a concentric hexagon pattern as
well as TPU material to allow a large
amount of impact resistance as well as
Conformity to the environment we're
still working out the torque transfer
issues with this new wheel but we plan
to use a metal plate to transfer Torque
from the hex draft to bolts within the
wheel
for our robotic arm we chose to use a
granular jamming gripper this type of
gripper has a porous material on the
inside and whenever you apply a vacuum
to this it's able to morph around any
object that is available to to it and
then
pick it up then for our arm instead of
going with bigger Motors everywhere we
chose to go with these smaller Motors
and use a cyclotal drive which is able
to be back driven it has low backlash
which means that that we can better
actually figure out whenever we are in
contact with a object and it gives us a
very large torque ratio which is great
for these small motors
to test for life we plan to perform
enzyme testing on soil samples we chose
to test the enzyme catalase due to the
fact that it can be found in all living
organisms after collecting a soil sample
we will add hydrogen peroxide to the
test tube because the reaction between
catalase and hydrogen peroxide is
exothermic if catalase is present in the
sample there will be a measurable change
in temperature
the test tubes are stored in a Geneva
Drive and once the drive makes a full
rotation the test tubes will be capped
to prevent contamination
for our control system we are planning
to use a Nvidia Jetson board powered by
rositude so far we've made progress
simulating the robot in gazebo as well
as driving a few of the motors when it
comes to the electrical design of our
robot we realize we need a custom
battery pack to power our Rover we're
using 21700 lithium cells in conjunction
with a BMS to properly provide the
current needed to derive all voters on
the robot
to contain all of our Electronics we
plan to design a sheet metal box that
will house all the motor controllers and
control Electronics the Box will have
two sections the behind the noise
brushless motors will be separated from
the High Fidelity wireless communication
equipment motor control is being done
with vesk 6 motor controllers as well as
o Drive Pro motor controllers all the
motor controllers will be placed around
the outside edge of the box so that
their heat can be dissipated to the
outside environment
the Bear nervatics Club participates in
several Outreach events annually we
teach our robotics themed Girl Scout
badge and volunteer at the first Lego
League competition hosted on campus this
year we volunteered at a local Vex event
and ran a table out of steam fair for
local elementary school students
