hi we are project creators from bits
pilani goa campus india we are excited
to showcase our latest over kratos mark
2
our team of 40 plus students have worked
through multiple campus closures online
work sessions and various restrictions
to develop a new rover that is unique
modular robust and lightweight the
mechanical subsystem works on designing
manufacturing and improving the core
rover arm and the live detection system
we have focused on improving our
assembly using custom parts manufactured
in-house this year we are continuing
with aluminium box chassis which houses
our new electronics box and provides
easy access to the electronics on board
we have improved on our previous double
lambda rocker bug suspension with
differential bar averaging for better
performance over challenging terrain the
improved averaging mechanism helps the
rover maintain ground contact at all
time and reduces play in the assembly
continuing with the 6 wheel differential
drive mechanism we are using 3d printed
wheels with modified honeycomb support
pattern improving the shock absorbance
grousers printed on the wheel provide
grip on loose sand the wheel design is
optimized for faster and easy assembly
the modularity of wheels helps in faster
replacement of parts in case of failure
the wheels together with a suspension
help the rover climb steep slopes and
even stairs we are using a combination
of 2.4 gigahertz omni-directional and
sector antennas with a tested non-los
range of one kilometer the rover is
tele-operated using multiple camera
feeds and a joystick from the base
station the required wheel velocities
are computed using a differential drive
model which is then communicated to the
motor drivers via raw serial in case of
connection loss with the base station
the rover uses the stereo cam data to
retrace its trajectory autonomously to
reconnect we use a combination of
lithium-ion and life po4 batteries with
built-in bms and cell balancing the
rover has been tested for 90 minutes of
continuous traversal the electronic box
ensures the safety of all electronic
components from voltage or current
surges dust heat and vibrations we use
an emergency kill switch to shut down
the entire rover immediately
at new five degree of freedom robotic
arm is designed and tested for high
torque and high precision requirements
the carbon fiber links and two linear
actuators enable the arm to lift and
drag payloads up to five kilograms while
being lightweight we have implemented a
spur gear base rotation for better
stability for the equipment servicing
mission the actuators are controlled
using inverse kinematics with a closed
loop feedback system for easier tele
operation of the arm the end effector is
a two jaw gripper with differential
bevel gears to control its roll pitch
motion enabling the rover to perform
tasks like flipping switches pushing
buttons operating a joystick and opening
drawers
for the autonomous mission a state
machine based model is used for the
navigation system the entire autonomous
module was first tested independently in
the gazebo simulator before deployment
on the onboard processor for centimeter
level accurate rover positioning a gps
module is used the first three posts are
traversed using optimal path planning
the point cloud generated by the z
stereo camera is converted to laser scan
data which is used to map the
environment with obstacles onto a binary
occupancy grid the astar search
algorithm uses the grid for obstacle
avoidance and efficient path finding to
the checkpoints the ar tags at the last
four markers and gates are detected
using the aruco package of opencv a
spiral search algorithm is employed for
searching the ar tags after reaching a
checkpoint once an er tag is detected
the rover moves towards it using a
feedback based visual servoing algorithm
finally reaching a gate or post is
signaled using the integrated led
the rover can autonomously traverse
various parts using a predictive stanley
controller with the pid controller as a
failsafe the predictive stanley
controller has been thoroughly tested
using simulations before deploying it on
the rover the onboard science payload is
able to retrieve up to three different
soil samples for analysis a ratchet
wheel is used to collect soil samples
and is partitioned in the collection
bucket to prevent cross-contamination
once collected analysis is done through
the live field while traversing the
rover to the next site enabling us to
complete the entire science task under
30 minutes extant life analysis is
performed using a bradford protein assay
and a kml4 assay through a custom
photospectrometer the onboard lab has
been tested to ensure no spillage of
reagents or samples we are using a
custom imaging unit fitted with a pie
cam and a neural net model to classify
rocks to determine the extinct or no
life conditions furthermore to detect
hypoliths and analytes we use red and
green leds of various wavelengths and
measure absorption to draw conclusions
habitability estimations are performed
by onboard atmospheric and soil sensors
to assist our primary tests we annually
conduct a summer program where we train
over 150 students on various mechanical
electronics autonomous and biology
topics relevant to our project we look
to recruit the best performers in
separate rounds we regularly conduct
demonstrations to increase interest in
robotics and participation in projects
moving forward we will be repeatedly
testing the rower and demonstrating the
competition tasks to find the limits of
our rover
this has all been possible due to hard
work of the team and support of our
seniors and professors we hope to see
you at urc 2022
