[Music]
hi we are project Scorpio which is part
of scientific society off-road base of
roots of university of science tech
technology at the Faculty of mechanical
engineering the team is supervised by
Professor Nijinsky and dr. Cassavetes
key the memory consists of mechanical
electrical science and software
engineers which are divided into three
projects working at specific parts of
the Rover we can define five product
groups working on robotic arm effector
optimization of Drabek unit rotor
antennas and mobile laboratory previous
versions of the skulker overs were
characterized by a crude construction
based on electromechanical actuators
this year's manipulator has six degrees
of freedom
powered by 24 volt DC motors the biggest
challenge this year is the use of
cremona gears they have been used
because of the high transmission ratio
applauded overall dimensions and the
possibility of better wiring of the
electrical harness in order to reduce
weight will limit the number of aluminum
elements in favour of the carbon fiber
for controlling a manipulator with their
inverse kinematics in three dimensions
scope the next construction is made
mainly using aluminium and lightweight
polyamide materials with very good
mechanical properties many elements of
their over a metal frame metal case that
are made using aluminium and the drive
module which is equipped with 1 kilowatt
BLDC motors rubber suspension is called
the rocker the rocker is a simplified
version of rocker-bogie
which is being used in Kruger City
rather we decided not to change
suspension and drive model from the ones
used in previous year because they
behaved very well in various conditions
besides that they were tested in JPL and
approved by NASA engineers to ensure
that the rubbers construction won't be
damaged during the competition we made a
lot of Fe M durability analysis project
is divided into modules connected using
canvas at LAN as a rover main computing
unit we are using NVIDIA GTX 2 which is
coordinating all other module
the most important components are my
controls robotic arm control unit
I am new and DGPS for RF Li we are using
900 megahertz and 2.4 gigahertz
frequencies uniform Hardware layer
allows us to implement the common
software layer used by all modules each
electronic module is made of two parts
first one is a universal logic board
which contains communication interfaces
and stable source of power for the whole
module second one is a specific circuit
which executes specific tasks depending
on its purpose the Rovers vision is
based on the main camera mounted on the
mast its module is able to perform two
axis rotations and contains a moto zoom
lens rest of the cameras are mounted in
the specific locations which allows us
to get the vision of the surroundings
all around the rover the task specifies
to recognize a tennis ball for the image
recognition task we used a conclusion of
narrow Network real-time differential
GPS is the measurement method which uses
two stations bass and rover the genus s
receiver uses more satellite positioning
systems like GPS bado
and GLONASS which simultaneously improve
measurements accuracy differences
between actual measurements for the base
station and its real position are sent
with the Wi-Fi or GSM courier to deliver
the receiver gets those Corrections and
sums them with a position measured by
the own GNSS receiver on there over the
science group is conducting and
developing simple chemical analysis
allowing to characterize the environment
all data are measured on border over
there are two types of sensors first
group is located on the mass and capable
of continuously measuring temperature
humidity and UV index we also provide
our rover with the set of sensors which
allow a soil sample analysis the robotic
arm is a special effect are designed to
collect small amount of soil for further
analysis of pH conductivity and humidity
all sensors are placed in a special
container isolated from the environment
we also design and develop DIY UV
spectrophotometer
which provide us with valuable life
science information the robotic arm is
also capable of measuring environmental
parameters of sample collecting sites
like carbon dioxide and methane
concentrations as well as temperature
and predation lever to name a few
this set of data allow us to describe
the indian environment with respect to
life science any chemicals or water used
onboard are safe and will be not linked
on the ground
