foreign
group of 40 plus students from various
engineering backgrounds and we are
extremely proud to present our Rover
creators Mark 3. project is divided into
six subsystems mechanical controls arms
science power and autonomics we have an
in-house Workshop within our University
where we perform several mechanical jobs
such as CNC lathe Etc moreover we also
have access to a student fabrication lab
where we have several 3D printers a
laser cutting machine and a PCB printing
machine the mechanical subsystem is
responsible for the design production
and enhancement of the core Rover arm
and science system this year we are
using the new t-slot aluminum JC for
better modularity which houses the
electronics box and provides easy access
to the electronics onboard we have
reiterated our double Lambda rocker
Boogie suspension with custom CNC
machine parts a new averaging mechanism
has been implemented and has been
shifted below the chassis for better
access to electronics box continuing
with the six-fill differential Drive
mechanism we are using the 3D printed
Wheels with a modified honeycomb support
pattern improving the shop exam browser
printed on the wheel provide traction on
loose sand the wheels along with the
suspension allows the Rover to navigate
steep slopes up to 40 degrees and even
stairs we use a combination of 2.4
gigahertz omnidirectional and sector
antennas for communication the Rover is
still evaporated using a joystick at the
base station which has been tested for a
non-los range of one kilometer we
receive multiple video feeds from FPA
cameras and can seamlessly switch
between them using a multiplexer the
required wheel velocities are computed
on the Jetson using a differential Drive
model we have implemented a custom
systems check algorithm to ensure Rover
Readiness before every mission in case a
communication loss with the weigh
station the Rover uses the stereo camera
and GPS data to retrace its trajectory
autonomously to reconnect the Rover can
autonomously Traverse various parts
using a peer Pursuit controller with the
PID controller as a fail safe the peer
pressure controller has been thoroughly
tested using simulations before
deploying it on the Rover we employ a
mix of lithium-ion and live po4
batteries with integrated BMS and cell
balancing for the road in external
battery management system that uses the
coulomb counting method to calculate the
efficiency and state of charge of the
batteries have also been used various
pcbs with power lines were manufactured
in-house for each assembly including arm
drive and science the Rover is tested
for 90 minutes of cutting as traversal
using a kill switch we can shut down the
Rover in case of an emergency our new
fire degree of Freedom robotic arm is
tested for all equipment servicing tasks
with very high accuracy the carbon fiber
links and two new linear actuators
provide the capability of Performing
tasks that have very high load
requirements up to 6.5 kilograms the
base rotation mechanism has been
improved to a cycodile drive from a
previous spur gear for higher reduction
higher accuracy with a mechanical
improvements and new algorithm we can
extrapolate a two-dimensional inverse
kinematics to 3D space and position
alarm accurately this here we have
focused on building two different
grippers one for dexterity and Equipment
servicing and the other for strength in
extreme retrieval the differential bevel
gears are redesigned and manufactured
in-house to help us control roll and
Pitch motion enabling the Rover to
perform tasks like flipping switches
pushing buttons operating your second
opening drawers focusing on transition
times a new Rover can completely switch
from Arm based tasks to autonomous tasks
well within 2 minutes this year the
autonomous subsystem has focused on
localization and mapping of our state
machine based model the new rtk based
module ensures reliable and centimeter
level accurate localization visual
inertial automatic data from z2i stereo
camera and gnss data refused to reduce
the errors further the point cloud data
from z2i is extracted to create an
elevation map of the environment which
is used by our modified install
algorithm to provide the path with least
reversibility cost a spiral search
algorithm is employed for searching the
AR tags after reaching the fourth gnss
and subsequent checkpoints the air
attacks at the last four markers and the
gates are detected using arauco module
of the opencv package after detection
the AR tags are followed using a
pre-controlled visual surveying
algorithm finally the gates are
traversed using similar mechanism and
reaching the goals is signaled by an LED
the onboard setup can
do four different soil samples using a
scooping mechanism the collected sample
is directed to custom spectrometer
following a no spill and no
contamination policy Bradford and
chlorophyll tests are performed to check
the presence of protein and chlorophyll
respectively their over house is a 3D
printed enclosure with LEDs and a camera
used to capture the Rocks the captured
image is further processed by a CNN
model that classifies rocks into 10
different categories the digital
microscope takes high resolution images
of the soil and rock samples determining
soil type and texture provides insight
into habitability conditions which is
supported by estimations done using data
collected from atmospheric sensors
identification of forces possible green
stripes carbonate and mineral traces
would help in classifying extant and
extinct Life as a part of our
educational Outreach we train our 150
University students on necessary topics
required to create and run a Mass Rover
from the spool of students we perform
our recruiting thereby allowing people
with no past robotics experience to also
learn and join the project we hope to
see you at URC 2023
