pratik Scorpio is a part of scientific
society of wealth that is based at first
at University of Science and Technology
the team is supervised by professor to
gene scheme there are 23 members of the
team all divided into four technical
groups the team has access to workshops
where we manufacture simple components
parts that require more complex work are
done off-site by external companies
[Music]
the Scorpio Rover is made mostly of
aluminium and polyamide that ensures low
weight of the construction and has the
modular design the modules are connected
via LAN and canvas to communicate with
Rover the team uses 900 megahertz and
2.4 gigahertz AIA sampans
IP booters implemented as Network
redundancy the base of the construction
is the driving unit powered by four BLDC
motors each being stirred by a
professional automotive controller the
module is as a base for electronics like
rotors motor control system power base
an on-board computer evita Jetson txt
the rover is controlled by a user
preview application and multi processing
control application of Jetson using
robot operatic framework allowed us to
design modular architecture and data
sharing via tcp/ip and UDP
[Music]
the robotic arm was designed to
accommodate for those tasks with added
pressure on precision of its movement
this was done by incorporating 6xl
design and absolute encoders that record
the position the arm has its individual
controlling system that operates motor
and encoders as well as ultrasound and
power measuring sensors the robotic arm
has two replaceable end effectors that I
use depending on the weight load and
precision needed for the task there are
three modes of the arm control one of
them is reverse kinematics in 3d
coordinate system with six degrees of
freedom
additionally the most favorable
trajectory of the end effector can be
designed in user application in order to
optimize the task completion we
incorporate an algorithm solving the
Traveling Salesman problem in our
approach of the autonomous task we use
several devices to determine the
position and orientation of the robot
this include an original PCB with GPS
that was doubled to ensure signal
averaging and redundancy a leader like
v3 cameras and ultrasound sensors for
Terron orientation we are using our OS
navigation stack additionally data
collected from leaders and ultrasound
sensors we would translate it into high
density point cloud that will allow for
avoidance of obstacles a neural network
will be incorporated for the bore
recognition
the science section is conducting and
developing the environmental analysis
with respect to the life presents and
sustainment a vast majority of data is
measured on board over a variety of
sensors provide us with environmental
parameters temperature and humidity of
both soil and environment atmospheric
pressure and particulate matter
concentration to name a few this set of
data allow to describe the ambient in
terms of habitability samples are being
collected by a soil sampling device
capable of storing multiple probes at
once from the depth after 20 centimeters
the collected material is analyzed with
respect to geology and life sciences
establishing the morphology of the rock
and soil samples gives us important
information about the foundation of the
area and potential mineral deposits
furthermore we measure the radiation
level the magnetics of stability of the
sample for the presence of any anomalies
in our chemical laboratory analysis we
assess the pH conductivity and the
levels of elements such as nitrogen
phosphorus and potassium we also aim to
find important biological components in
the soul such as saccharides and
proteins we are prototyping a variety of
DIY equipment such as the UV v's and
x-ray fluorescence spectrometers Geiger
counter or DNA concentration meter the
UV spectrometer lets us determine the
presence of compound active in the
ultraviolet and visible spectral range
such as transition metal complexes our
custom XRF spectrometer lets us detect
and measure the abundance of the
elements present in the sample
considering the usage of the x-ray our
main concern is safety we seal the
instrument in the lead container to
prevent radiation from coming out our
research give us background for
obtaining a comprehensive environmental
profile and using it to overcome life
science challenges
[Music]
[Music]
