hi we are project Scorpio and we are
part of the off-road Student Association
at rotsworth University of Science and
Technology we come from different
universities and consist of five
different departments mechanics
Electronics software marketing and
Science in order to organize and store
our project we use software such as
Discord for communication Eagle for
electronics design SolidWorks for
mechanical design GitHub for software
cooperation and click up for task
distribution Scorpio 7 has a dependent
four-wheel rocker suspension system
Rockers are connected by two triangular
levers linked by a beam it can cross
extreme terrain such as obstacles up to
the diameter of the wheel a very low
Center of mass allows us to overcome
steep angles up to 45 degrees driving
module features all-wheel drive with
bldc motors which help the Rover climb
slopes in the extreme retrieval and
delivery mission
to provide good traction we use custom
tires made with Cordura fabric
the driving module is equipped with a
visible kill switch that cuts all the
power in case of emergency
the robotic arm has six degrees of
freedom it's designed with the use of
planetary and harmonic gear reducers to
maximize precision and stiffness it has
a maximum range of 1.2 meter and can
lift up to 5 kilograms on maximal
extension grip is moved by lead screws
give a satisfactory grip strength to
complete all necessary tasks we will
mount a hex key at the effector
for keyboard typing we use special
preset move to avoid repeating same
characters during typing
to minimize chance of collision we have
created Rover 3D visualization as well
as a widget calculating distance to the
nearest obstacle
as main construction materials we used
carbon fiber aluminum and pet G to
provide necessary strength to mass ratio
for comfort of our operators and better
spatial visualization of robotic arm
without visual input we have
Incorporated widget allowing us to see
current manipulator position in relation
to Rover core
for faster movement of manipulator into
determined positions we developed
presets for default drive and excavation
modes
for precise typing and moving objects we
have Incorporated 3D inverse kinematics
and special task specific presets of
robotic arm
for better calibration of PID parameters
of each joint our team Incorporated
absolute encoded data of each joint
it also makes it possible to calibrate
the robotic arm position with our
software
for the faster change from the robotic
arms gripper to the Digger our team
constructed a quick disconnect
foreign
system is based on 2.4 gigahertz Air Max
technology suitable for long-range
applications
tcpip protocol is used to send data
between two radios
consist of five cameras Drive camera
navigation camera with two degrees of
freedom two stereo cameras for autonomy
tasks and measuring distance and
mannequin with view on the gripper
our Rover is powered by 22.2 voltage
Lithium Polymer battery pack with total
capacity of 18 ampere hours
every PCB made by us has over voltage
over current and reverse polarity
protection
as our main computer we use Nvidia
Jetson agx orange supported by Raspberry
Pi to connect every computer camera and
other heavy traffic modules we use an
Ethernet link other modules such as the
robotic arm drive gnss and science use
can bust to provide robust communication
widgets in our custom app allow us a
quick diagnostic of an issue and speed
up fixing process
for autonomous navigation we utilized
slam principles our software detects
obstacles and updates the terrain map in
real time
path planning algorithms take constantly
updating Maps into consideration leading
us safely towards the goal Point AR tags
can also be detected and their
coordinates can be put on a map
we can navigate to any of the detected
AR tags
to complete the science task we've
designed a module that will be mounted
in the front Mast of the Scorpio Rover
our planned analysis consists of using a
Roman spectrometer of our own design
spectral data received from this
scientific instrument will be crucial
for examining the chemical composition
of the sample the science module also
has a microscope to give us the
possibility of examining the soil on a
micro scale it allows us to find
potential sightings of bacterial
activity in the collected sample
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
