hello and welcome this is the Q set 2018
you are cease our submission one of the
mechanical teams major projects this
year has been the complete redesign of
our chassis the new design features a
c-shaped structure which provides an
ideal balance between weight versatility
and functionality one of the key
features of the new chassis is the
adjustable rocker style suspension this
enables the rover to glide smoothly over
rough terrain the linear actuator at the
back adjusts the pitch of the entire
chassis allowing remote control over the
suspension system and improving traction
and control another benefit of the C
shape is that it prevents the mounted
arm and the science foot to easily reach
well below the rover increasing the
degrees of motion available and
permitting custom placement along the
length of the body the new chassis is
significantly lighter than the previous
model even with all its new features to
complement the new chassis a science
foot digger and redesigned arm have been
constructed to complete the mechanical
design the new arm is lighter longer and
stronger and allows for easier use of
absolute position encoders the science
foot is faster more effective and easier
to use than last year's backhoe style of
digger this digger work similar to a
bucket wheel or chainsaw based trencher
it digs down to 10 centimeters by
pitching down and once the sticker is
digging at an appropriate depth the
sample storage carousel can be activated
to capture the sample and seal it this
year on the electrical team we focused
on controls and data handling to
complement the new arm absolute
non-volatile position encoders have been
placed along the arm to enable a fully
integrated Xyz control system secondly
an anti-skid algorithm has been added to
the wheel control system to improve
rover handling in loose terrain the
addition of these new control systems is
part of the team's goal to implement a
user-friendly robust and reliable way to
interact with the rover to complement
these improvements the team has moved
from a singular Raspberry Pi to
distributed network of three raspberry
PI's this allows each subsystem to be
run independently significantly
improving the modularity of the rover
and allowing full systems to be swapped
out with ease furthermore having
multiple PI's has enabled our software
team to develop and implement a
multi-camera fee
system vastly improving the operators
situational awareness a specialized
control system is under development for
the autonomous task which incorporates a
lidar array to aid in object avoidance
the 16 element array can measure
discrete distances up to 50 meters
distributed over 45 degrees horizontally
the control system continuously analyzes
the environment in front of the rover
and proactively adapts the rover's
trajectory while maintaining its
absolute heading the control system uses
both lidar and GPS data which is fed
into a vector-based
algorithm that will steer the rover
around any obstacles while traversing
towards its destination as the rover
approaches the final Waypoint marker a
custom trained neural network is
activated to scan for tennis balls in
the surrounding area image processing is
handled on an Nvidia Jetson board
specially designed for rapid image
processing of concurrent video streams
the multi stream detection allows for
multi camera feed confirmation thus
creating high levels of confidence in
our detections the neural network
provides significantly improved and more
robust solution over a previous color
detection algorithm whose main failing
was caused by sensitivity to different
lighting conditions improving and
expanding upon the experiment
successfully completed at URC 2016
research has been conducted on the
geology of both Mars and Utah as well as
past Mars missions and their findings
Mars 2020 was a large research project
and experiments and sensors were
selected to align with this missions
objectives the rover is equipped with a
suite of sensors to characterize the
local geology and environment this
includes an anemometer and sensors for
temperature pressure co2 concentration
and humidity in addition a probe will
test for electrical conductivity
subsurface temperature dielectric
permittivity and volumetric water
content for characterization of the soil
this year at dust sensor and
magnetometer have been added to the
rover to provide insight into the
Martian dynamo geology and climate the
team continues to work on implementing
emission spectroscopy onboard the rover
for mineral identification
back in the lab mineral identification
will be carried out using an optical
microscope soil samples will be tested
for polyatomic ions such as carbonates
nitrates and phosphates with indicator
strip
providing information on geochemical
activity carbonates will also be
identified by acetic acid as they are
important in determining the presence of
past surface water in addition sugars
proteins and lipids will be tested as
indicators of biological activity
polarimetry measurements we use to
assess whether organics are biological
in nature as a further test for life
thank you for viewing our application we
hope to see in Utah
