hi we are team quantum robotics and this
is our 2022 system acceptance review for
the university rover challenge
this year we focused on the improvement
of our rubber score systems as well as
our plan to successfully accomplish the
competition missions we implemented a
suspension system inspired by a rocker
bogey this arrangement allows the rover
to maintain its wells in contact with
the ground while passing through regular
terrain such as inclined planes rocks
sand and fragile structures without
compromising the integrity of any
subsystem
furthermore the wheel placement enables
the rover to easily rotate on its own
axis
the newly tpu design wheels provide
outstanding traction and flexibility
that contribute to stability in addition
the improved mechanical design based on
bearings eases the assembly process and
focuses on protecting the motors from
critical collisions
we made several finite element analysis
to guarantee that our designs and
material selection were the most
favorable
by reinforcing critical areas with rigid
materials and taking advantage of
additive manufacturing it became
possible to propose hybrid approaches
that were structurally optimal
this year light weighting technologies
played a major role during the rover
design in comparison with last year
through topological optimization the
total mass of the rover decreased by 20
the rover has a complete control power
system that allows to monitor and
control the energy give it to each
component all secure with dedicated
fuses per actuator to ensure the
integrity of the circuit we incorporate
a safety kill switch a thermal circuit
breaker that limits the flow of current
to 120 bursts fraction is powered by
falcon 100 that has a built-in encoder
that improves the control motion in
amsterdam's period we implemented a
communication link made up of
bidirectional antennas using the 900
megahertz frequency taking advantage of
its long range and performance of the
mimo system antennas in our tests we
were able to establish communication to
transmit and receive packets over one
kilometer away without line of sight in
the same way it was possible to
determine the channel with the least
packet loss and noise interference
talking about the robotic arm its five
degrees of freedom allow us to fulfill
tasks such as manipulating small objects
typing operating on a joystick and
current the five kilograms payload
the gripper includes a preset of several
modules that provide them fine movement
and a tpu inner structure that deforms
according to the object to be
manipulated
the gearbox and electronic system in our
arm allow us to provide high efficiency
pid control furthermore that are
implemented with the cam protocol which
helps us to reduce the wiring and
provides an efficient energy supply
we perform the forward and inverse
kinematics for our five degrees of
freedom robotic arm additionally we
implemented a graphic interface arm
control program which allows us to move
each joint individually and trajectories
planning
with this we achieved a practical and
efficient way to fulfill all the
manipulation tasks by positioning the
final effector at an optimal position
additionally we implemented a pid
control with absolute encoders for the
arm in order to perform a high accuracy
movement
for autonomous navigation we implemented
a closed loop spill control that uses
encoders on each drive motor we also
have an extended kalman filter which
helps us merge the measurements of our
imu sensor gps and odometry from our set
camera to reach each ar code we have an
algorithm that directs the rover to each
specific gps coordinates likewise as it
goes following the codes it also detects
objectives that can avoid its passage
but the depth sensing of the camera
and also to decide which action a robot
we take we have a multiplexer that helps
us
prioritize between avoiding obstacles
and following the gps correctly
we choose to have analyst methodology
after life detection method our system
collects a sample of the soil and then
the sample travels across the lab until
it meets its principal reactants those
reactants will tell us if there are any
biomolecules in our samples
the sample and the reactions need to be
centrifuged for the erection to occur
the result of analysis will be observed
as a change of color in the mixture
therefore thanks to set polymeric
changes we will be able to determine the
presence or absence of light
we've implemented a rose package with
opencv to detect the colors in hsp scale
avoiding the unwanted effects of natural
light
these colors are mapped to the chemistry
results such as proteins and
phospholipids for automatical analysis
of multiple samples qr codes have been
placed in qubits
these qubits are rotated automatically
in the base until the next qr is found
you
