hi we are team Quantum Robotics and we
are proud to present our 2023 system
acceptance review for the University
rubber challenge
this season we focused on improving a
rubber core systems and our plan to
successfully accomplish the competition
missions
we implemented a differential suspension
system inspired by our keyboard This
Arrangement allows the robot to maintain
its Wheels in contact with the ground
while passing through irregular terrains
such as inflamed planes Rock science and
fragile extractors without compromising
the Integrity of any subsystem
the newly designed TPU Wheels gives
outstanding traction and flexibility in
addition the improved mechanical design
based on bearings is the assembly
process and focuses on protecting the
motor from critical Collision
the rubber has a complete control power
system that allows us to monitor the
main voltage and the current given to
each component all secure with dedicated
fuses product Twitter to ensure the
Integrity of the components we
incorporate a thermal circuit breaker
that limits the given current up to 120
amperes as a kill switch we design our
own pcbs in order to improve the
component management Samsung wiring and
to connect interfaces used for some
devices this allow us to fully trust the
connection therefore the communication
protocols as well as to reduce the size
of the electronic components we also
connect a PSA card to increase in the
USB 3.0 ports
we have been working with two
interactional antennas using the 900
megahertz frequency take it advantage of
its long range and the performance of
the memo system antennas in our test we
managed to establish communication up to
800 meters away
our base station is confirmed by three
main computers in which we are able to
visualized to real-time cameras GPS
navigation and some metrics such as
velocity GPS
position battery status and power
consumption
for autonomous navigation we implemented
the navigation
camera with the immune sensors and the
GPS automate resources
we also used a certainly camera to
publish license measurements to avoid
local objects detected
once the robot reaches the gnss
coordinate it will perform different
actions depending on the type of the
goal if there is no Air Attack the robot
will stop and turn the Matrix into a
green blinking color
otherwise the robot will turn around its
own axis it coordinates that create a
mesh pattern
until our custom AR detector detects a
new arugota
for the final part the robot will
approach the tag and in case the target
type is a gate it will surround yaruko
so that it eventually passes through the
gates
the robot optimizes the time it spends
on a mission by running prim's algorithm
over the coordinates to find the optimal
pad between them and calculating the
mesh coordinates that optimize the time
that robot spends looking for attack
we designed the five degrees of freedom
robotic arm that allows us to fulfill
tasks such as operating a joystick or
pressing some buttons or writing on a
keyboard as well as a carrying heavy
objects as a 5 kilogram payload we
designed two kinds of repair one for
precision tasks and one for the harder
tests that require heavy lifting the one
of precision has an inner silicon
structure that deforms to correctly grab
the material we are assigned
the planetary gearboxes and worm gear
mechanisms in our arm allow us to
provide high efficiency payload
furthermore they are implemented with a
cam protocol which provide us with
feedback from sensors to apply as closed
looped position controller we perform a
forward and inverse kinematics for a
robotic arm that can be controlled by a
graphic interface combined with a
teleoperated control which allows us to
move the end tool effector to a specific
specific positions
we also have a 2d arm visualizer to
verify the position of each joint of the
arm with this we achieved a practical
and efficient way to perform all the
manipulation tasks we chose a
calorimetric based analysis technique
for a live detection method for this
mechanical system collects a soil sample
to be directly disposed in test tubes
pre-loaded with several reagents that
will change color when detecting any of
the formula molecules produced by
non-living organisms proteins lipids
protosaccharides and carbohydrates
in order to obtain a clear picture of
the resulting color the mixture goes to
a centrifugation process where the
supernatural color is analyzed by a
programmable color light frequency
converter module further on the results
will be re-evaluated by the base station
foreign
