foreign
Space Engineering team an undergraduate
LED design team from Queens University
located in Kingston Ontario Canada our
Rover project team is comprised of 85
students from the faculties of
engineering and arts and science who
contribute to technical development and
team operations the Syracuse that has
prioritized full system testing and
competition Readiness in preparation for
URC 2023
this year we have manufactured a lighter
Rover chassis that has additional
capacity for our scientific payload
enters arm implements The Rovers
Implement Bay is capable of Hosting
either the scientific payload or the
Dexter's arm depending on the mission
the Rover suspension uses a rocker
differential system to Traverse uneven
terrain and tight spaces a new flexible
3D printed wheel design provides impact
dampening and improved Traction in loose
material each Drive motor uses PID
control to Aid in turning and precise
movement of the Rover in testing the
Rover is capable of driving up 45 degree
and a long 60 degree slopes
our Dexter's arm is a five degree of
Freedom system with a new Grabber
capable of continuous role for
interfacing with the Lander and lifting
heavy loads the arm employs inverse
kinematics to determine optimal joint
Motion in The three principal axes it
can perform tasks such as flipping a
switch opening a latch typing on a
keyboard and plugging in a USB like the
drive system the arm uses PID control to
assist in manipulation of a five
kilogram load during the equipment
servicing task all onboard systems are
powered by a seven cell lipo battery
allowing for a tested 1 hour and 15
minutes of continuous Drive operation
we're able to communicate with the Rover
remotely using ubiquity rocket M2
transceivers which operate on the 2.4
gigahertz bandwidth with selectable
frequency bands a new extendable mask
design has been added to assist in
operating the Rover from large distances
improving our long range capabilities
each wheel is driven by a brushed DC
motor to allow for simple control and
high reliability
dual Channel motor drivers are used to
control each motor individually allowing
for enhanced traction control and
improving the Rover's ability to
Traverse uneven Terrain
the Rover can be operated remotely using
a custom control board as well as an
analog joystick a newly implemented arm
position visualizer AIDS the driver in
completing dexterous arm tasks
the camera system has been upgraded to
include nine navigation and
instrumentation cameras with onboard
encoding to reduce computational load on
the main computer
custom current and voltage monitors
allow for remote system Diagnostics the
autonomous system uses a new dual
antenna differential GPS providing
highly accurate heading and location
information to improve traversal of
speed and accuracy this GPS data is
fused with real odometry data to give a
continuous and accurate position
estimate the perception system uses two
Intel d435 depth cameras and a new
obstacle detection system to detect and
avoid obstacles a new search pattern in
git reversal system has been implemented
this year increasing the efficiency of
the search and traversal component and
LED strip around the perimeter of the
Rover provides a visual indication of
the current autonomous state the science
reactor uses a suite of four wet
chemical tests to determine the presence
or absence of extinct or extant life
within soil samples paleo employs a
lowering mechanism allowing it to
collect soil samples without the need
for an external robotic arm Four Scoops
controlled by Servo Motors independently
collect soil samples into the top of the
reactor which are then saved in a
pre-filled test cuvettes the chemical
reaction is assessed using spectroscopic
analysis using our onboard UV Vis
spectrometer attached to 12 discrete
Optical fibers one for each test cuvette
four separated containers on the outside
of the reactor store samples from each
test site to be delivered to the judges
an upgraded digital sensor Suite will be
used to assess environmental
habitability and site conditions the
scientific payload will measure your
temperature pressure humidity and VOC
content the team has also further
developed at soil and rock
classification system to Aid in Rapid
remote identification of samples using
five onboard cameras the scientific
payload performs all of its analysis in
situ without expressing employed
chemicals to the outside environment wet
chemical tests will identify the
presence of protein building blocks key
macromolecules and reducing agents in
situ the Bison conanic acid assay tests
for amino acids were Lively indicating
extant life at low concentrations in
soil and iodine solution is used to test
for starches and polysaccharides which
can support evidence of microbial life
results will be further validated by
Benedict's reagent which will test for
alcohols and reducing sugars a fourth
chemical test for potential metabolic
bio products will identify nitrates in
situ which are indicative of extreme
life this year kucer has placed
significant emphasis on improvements to
consistent composition Readiness with
this in mind we have been running and
will continue to run mock tasks for each
of the four competition missions these
mock tasks aim to replicate real
competition scenarios these testing
opportunities have been used to create
and refine free task checklists to
ensure a consistent Rover setup for each
task this work has allowed us to improve
our overall system reliability with
frequent testing to find and fix
integration bugs and to determine which
parts might fail during competition
thank you to our sponsors and thank you
for watching
