hi there we're the queen space
engineering team from queens university
in kingston ontario welcome to our
systems acceptance review video for urc
2022 during this year's design cycle our
team has done some incredible work in
increasing the reliability and
functionality of all of our rover
subsystems during this video we will
show the amazing work that the team has
accomplished over the past year and
demonstrate our readiness for the
missions at urc 2022
in the 2022 season the big focus for the
mechanical team was taking the
theoretical designs for the new arm
system that was developed remotely in
2021 and making these designs a reality
a new wide angle camera rig with
motorized 360 degree capacity swivel
mount has been designed this year and
allows for greater visibility of the
surrounding area of the rover this
camera system will add significantly
useful telemetry during extreme
retrieval and delivery mission
a physical locking clip has been
designed to restrict the backwards
movement of this camera system during
the autonomous navigation mission
the scoop system responsible for a
collection of soil samples during the
science mission has been redesigned to
eliminate faults from the previous year
with these changes the scoop is stronger
and reliability of the system has been
improved to go along with last season's
newly redesigned chassis a new modular
chassis management system has been
developed this system involves a matrix
of screw threads embedded in plastic
which will allow for quick changes of
the mounting of all electronic parts in
the chassis
the third and current generation of
airless tires feature higher proportions
of tpu to abs wider tires and larger
overall diameter our software system was
upgraded from ubuntu 16 with ross
kinetic to ubuntu 18 with harass melodic
additionally we upgraded our main
onboard computer to the jetson nx xavier
which is smaller leaving more space in
the chassis and has improved computing
power and density to better support our
autonomous challenge tech the autonomous
system was completely redesigned with a
new autonomous controller to improve
system robustness and a new search
algorithm that applies a probabilistic
approach to classic search and rescue
techniques the new algorithm aims to
increase the efficiency of recognizing
targets in the autonomous challenge and
includes a robust decision chain which
will repeat the search from the opposite
direction if the target has not yet been
identified software arm control systems
were updated and the pid tuned to
support the new arm design the new arm
control system includes the design of a
custom servo driver for wrist motion and
feedback the software team is also
supporting the addition of new payload
sensors by integrating them into the
current ros node structure lastly in
preparation for drone implementation
during the next design cycle we have
created a gazebo drone simulation to
model the drone control dynamics problem
this year the electrical team has
designed a custom fuse box that will
improve the robustness of our electrical
cp system it will protect our motors and
batteries from being damaged at high
load by causing the motors to disconnect
if they are drawing too much power to
improve the arm system we are adding
limit switches to the pan and shoulder
motors of our arm these switches are
triggered by arm over extension and will
flag a total freeze at the arm in the
arm control software this year we have
also continued to improve the battery
monitor and battery swapper circuits
upgrading them to meet our current
electrical needs and prevent the
overheating that we observed in testing
as part of this update we will be
introducing a second e-stop button to
the system this one will be used only to
cut power to our motors allowing us to
maintain communication with the rover
and perform any necessary debugs without
having to restart and reconfigure the
system
our communication system uses ubiquity
rockets on a 2.4 gigahertz frequency
band and allows for sufficient tele
operation giving us a range of up to one
kilometer
this system was updated to facilitate
the integration of our new main computer
this year we've completely overhauled
the payload detection process our
process can now accurately identify life
and soil and distinguish between
extinctive state life
during competition we will be performing
three wet chemical tests on each soil
sample the buyer test for protein the
p-test for potash testing for extinct
and extent life individually and a test
research the pandemic has made getting
lab space difficult so we have developed
eight backup tests spanning seven
different types of macromolecules
all tests have color dependent
indicators and will be viewed with the
raspberry pi cam to verify positive or
negative test results
this year the payload reactor has also
been modified to allow more space for
mechanical tests
geological identification will be done
via flow charts there are two flow
charts that we have developed one for
rock notification and one for solar
identification
this year we have added several specific
geological
charts to further distinguish between
specific rock types the soil samples
will be viewed through a uv vis
spectrometer where we will look for
peaks distinguishing between different
chemical bonds specifically we'll be
looking
within the fingerprint range for co c
double bond and cc bonds we'll also be
looking for shapes similar to specific
proteins in terms of identifying more
specific molecules
with all the work that our team has done
over the past year we are confident in
our ability to succeed at urc 2022
