hi I'm Meg I am this year is Rover chief
technical officer for the Queen space
engineering team from Kingston Canada
our team is made up of sixty students
with into four major subjects mechanical
electrical software and scientific
payload this year we focus on many
projects for the design of a mission
ready Rover for USC 2020 the mechanical
goals this year were to increase the
override height design the pneumatic
wheels and optimize the electrical
storage box we redesigned the
differential rocker suspension system to
increase the ride height allowing for
smooth reversal of a rough terrain which
will help during a string retrieval task
the team employed finite element
analysis and topology optimization
techniques to reduce weight while
keeping the same structural integrity
under maximum loads steering away from
pneumatic tires a new 3d printed design
with for dozens of iterations to design
alcohol abs particular hopes and
flexible thermoplastic polyurethane
printed tires the ABF's Cubs have been
printed with 30% infill to optimize the
strength to weight ratio while they had
outside TPU tires engineering
flexibility with a tread design that can
absorb shocks and creep into rough
surfaces the our modifications this year
included grip a redesigned to better
accommodate with the geometry of tools
as well as the addition of the rotor
ball testing an iteration of the rippers
ongoing to optimize for the tasks
required and equipment servicing
including pushing buttons and switches
opening latches and using tools based on
past performance the gearing ratio of
the arm joints has been realized to
ensure adequate strength in all
positions and eliminate dead zones the
end effector for the science test was
optimized from last year to better
incorporate sensors and collect more
samples for analysis the electrical
storage box has been modified since last
year with the addition of a second shelf
to improve cable management and
increased cooling to key electrical
components the focus for the electrical
system this year was to overhaul our
power distribution network gain crease
efficiency and reliability a new dual
battery switching system has been
designed using high power transistors
this system uses voltage and current
modders to provide diagnostic data which
both aids and determining the optimal
point to switch the batteries and in
help into identify system failures
during competition our new power system
has an overall efficiency of 92%
compared to the 40% provided by
years when the regulator's cue sets
communication system uses 2.4 gigahertz
antenna which gives adequate tella
operation distance up to one kilometer
newly added this year is a communication
loss behavior safety system that stops
the rover in the event of loss of
communication during an operation
preventing loss of control the Palin
team's focus has been on overhauling of
our onboard Institute chemical micro
reactor for life detection and the
creation of custom on-board embedded
sensor system to determine environmental
have ability we chose to focus on two
main molecules to detect within the soil
samples as indicators of extinct or
extended life the Biot reagent will test
for proteins in that soil which will be
indicative of extend life the potassium
dichromate indicator will test for
lipids within the soil which are
indicative of extinct life the indicator
will change color dependent on the
presence or absence of chosen
biomolecules which will be analyzed by
an onboard spectrometer
combined these results will characterize
the soil based on proteins and lipids
additionally the ph probe will be used
to confirm findings and the suitability
of each soil to host life the micro
reactor is the housing for the chemical
tests this is fully automated and has
built upon last year's design with
modifications to minimize sample
contamination the dumping sieve ensures
that debris is cleared from the sieve
after the necessary particles have
traveled in their respective flow paths
these parallel paths ensure that
indicators do not interfere with the
results of each other this system is
also capable of flushing between samples
to again minimize contamination the
habitability of the environment will be
characterized by custom suite of
electronic sensors to detect temperature
air pressure humidity UV light dust
methane and radiation the methane
sir will be used in conjunction with the
micro reactor for additional soil
habitability data these will describe
the environment the rover is exposed to
and humid suitability can be interpreted
from these results establishing reliable
testing platforms has been an important
goal for this year's software team this
is recon which is a gazebo to simulate
the robot offering system and a
miniature Rover for physical system
testing the mini Rover has also allowed
for testing of the electrical systems
for efficiency and heat dissipation the
software team is focused on developing
the custom path planning algorithm for
the rover object avoidance systems that
uses an inertial measurement unit live
out multiple GPS units and ultrasonic
sensors to autonomously navigate unknown
terrain the success of this algorithm is
heavily reliant on accurate GPS
coordinates so an extended Kalman filter
has been implemented to improve rover
localization the new search algorithm
uses an optimized outside and radial
search and onboard cameras to find a
archives ultrasonic sensors are placed
on the threatened science series blind
spots and LED strips of the chasings are
used to indicate the karmis operation
and successful object detection with the
strong focus on reliable operation and
competition readiness you set is
confident that this is our best Rover
again
