hello this is the queen space
engineering teams 2019 systems
acceptance review submission we are a
team comprised of purely undergraduate
students from almost every engineering
discipline here at Queen's this year we
have worked hard to dial in our Rover
from last year while completely
redesigning certain core Rover systems
the rover chassis is a differential
rocker system which allows the runner to
eastland maneuver over rocks and rough
terrain the rocker angle of attack is
kept low which keeps the center of mass
low to avoid tipping all over control
code has been completely rewritten and
runs bras which allows for
Standardization of the codebase and
simplification of the integration
process the arm control code employs PID
in inverse kinematics which allows the
arm to track an x and y which is much
more intuitive to use relative to joint
by joint control communication system it
uses a 2.4 gigahertz antenna which gives
adequate to operation distance with
range up to a kilometer the basin
employs in a custom front-end which
displays driver controls GPS position
sensor status and rover Diagnostics
driver sites use multiplex divide
cameras which allow for many camera
beats to be used at once this helps with
the drivers perspective as they interact
the competition field autonomous
traversal algorithm uses a GPS and
compass to drive the rover from one
point to another for obstacle avoidance
a lidar distance sensor measures 16
discrete distances spread of over 45
degrees horizontally which adjusts the
distance heading accordingly for the
machine vision portion of the autonomous
task we built upon last year's work we
optimized the color based detection
algorithm incorporating more detailed
and robust detection criteria for
determining the contour of a tennis ball
these criteria are approximating
polygonal curves as a measure of
circularity perimeter length of the
contour and maximum and minimum contour
areas this year we have also adapted and
implemented the open-source
Yolo v3 object detection algorithm Yolo
is a trained convolutional neural
network that generates a bounding box
around an object that it has been
trained to recognize it also produces a
score that signifies the confidence with
which the net has predicted which type
of object has been identified and that
the object is actually contained within
the bounding box by combining the color
and neural network detection
we have a dual confidence detection
system capable of completing the tasks
at URC the mechanical team undertook
multiple design products of the 2019
year including the complete redesign of
the wrist and end effector as well as a
brand new micro reactor subsystem the
new wrist employs use of a differential
mechanism to control both to pitch and
roll at the end effector this combines
two degrees of freedom into one
mechanism which reduced overall weight
as well as internal friction that
hindered performance last year
additionally the differential affords
smoother movement resulting in a higher
precision and end-effector repeatability
of roughly 5 millimeters the end
effector underwent multiple design
iterations resulting in the use of a
parallel plate mechanism with customized
grippers the gripper geometry has been
optimized to operate in as many possible
scenarios at URC including opening
drawers and latches picking up objects
turning knobs and fasteners and pressing
buttons the micro reactor features a
semi-batch system to perform wet
chemical soil analysis process design
focused on weight reductions in
preventing containment loss through
solvent recovery filters and contactless
fluid control components such as
peristaltic pumps and pinch valves
furthermore the team employed finite
element analysis and topology
optimization techniques to reduce weight
while maximizing the strength and
performance of various subsystem
components other projects included
chassis modifications to improve
robustness such as a sturdier antenna
mount and wheel hubs improving
functionality with easily accessible
battery compartments and reduce weight
through redesigned arm mode finally the
electronic storage box is redesigned to
improve cooling and increased component
density the science team has to find a
light detection in just two Suites and
tests habitability and biomaterials
habitability test consists of Institute
and environmental sensors which will
indicate what types of life we'd expect
to see at the sites cameras will be used
for on-site geological interpretation
the team has designed a micro reactor
system for detection of biomaterials in
soil the micro reactor was iteratively
optimized taking into consideration the
electrical mechanical optical and
fluidic aspects to produce a compact
low mass and
we seal design soil will be diluted and
mixed with a color effect indicator
before entering a sample cell where a UV
vis spectrometer will be used to measure
the concentration of analyte in solution
tests for organic macromolecules will
suggest extinct extent or no life
combining the outcomes of habitability
and biomaterial will allow the scientist
on site to predict the extent of life
i'm each site thank you for watching our
video
we'd like to thank our sponsors and
vista kyouya crota case digi-key
thorlabs Solid Works and Domino's Pizza
thank you
