hello we are red planet robotics and
we're really excited to be the first
virginia tech team to enter the
university rover challenge our 12 team
members are situated across four
different sub teams the mechanical team
the electrical team the software team
and the science team
we're super proud of what we've done and
we're really excited to show it off here
we go through our arm we focused on a
simple lightweight design to achieve our
lightweight design we use carbon fiber
tubes for the majority of the structure
for actuation we're using linear
actuators for the main parts of the arm
and Dyna mixels for risks we have
continuous rotation our end effector
uses a simple clamp with a 3d printed
compliant insert for maximum gripping of
odd shaped objects for our wheels we
went with a NASA inspired design we use
a super elastic nickel titanium alloy it
can go up to ten percent strain without
plastic Reformation this gives us a
durable yet compliant wheel for a grip
on the exterior but we have chainmail
which also gives us some structure we
were inspired by a novel Swiss design
for our suspension the design allows for
the ability to traverse large obstacles
while maintaining maximum ground contact
the suspension consists of two parallel
bogies on either side of the chassis
with a spring-loaded four bar linkage in
the front and the rear suspension is
fixed the chassis our main power system
can be divided up into two main elements
the battery packs in the battery
management system for our packs we
decided to use LG MJ one 18 650 cells
held together with frozen caps our packs
are being monitored by a Narayan jr.
battery management system this device
will gather data from voltage tap lines
thermistors and a current sensor and
will safely monitor our packs charge and
discharge cycles it will also
communicate a plethora of battery data
to our central computer via canvas we
have designed and manufactured three
printed circuit boards for unused on a
rover our first is our power board which
has four board mount DC to DC converters
on it the power various subsystems on
the robot the second is our motherboard
which serves as a hat to a Raspberry Pi
3 this board is in charge of basic rover
health it interfaces a can bus converter
from our our pint or battery management
system at its thermal management for hot
spots on the rover and it interfaces to
our third board the peripheral important
our peripheral board utilizes a pic32
microprocessor to receive data from our
gas sensors and mini spectrometers it
also controls the dynamical servers
stepper motors and linear actuators
incorporated in our arm design the
peripheral board also receives commands
from a Raspberry Pi through a UART
connection from the motherboard
science package contains several
environmental sensors as well as a
spectrometer the environmental and
atmospheric sensors include a volatile
organic compound sensor a carbon dioxide
sensor and a UV and a UV radiation
sensor the spectrometer is a Hama - mini
spectrometer with a tungsten halogen
light source it can detect wavelengths
into the near IR region and will be used
for soil component identification as far
as off Rover analysis a Gram stain will
be performed to find biological evidence
annex RF or x-ray fluorescence
spectroscopy will be used to analyze
rock compositions more thoroughly for
sensors we're using a GPS IMU and stereo
camera these will let us tell where we
are in the field gain state information
of our Rover and detect obstacles that
are in our way to integrate all this
together we have chosen to use Ross and
open CB this allows us to utilize
already written and tested software to
use the information from our GPS and IMU
and put it into an extended Kalman
filter and be able to control actuators
and motors simply we are using open CB
during the autonomy challenge to be able
to track tennis balls to reach our goal
we were then able to focus on piecing
together the software system as a whole
for the base station it is running a
bunch of and uses Ross to display the
information coming back from the rover
its plays video feed rover location on
an offline map server and state
information to help operate the rover
effectively we also wrote a custom
graphical user interface which displays
the current state of our Ross nodes
allowing for quick and easy debugging we
have already tested our software on an
existing robot platform this allowed the
team to be able to work in parallel with
mechanical development and verify our
controller and communication system
operated correctly coming into this
competition we realized that
Communications is one of the most
important aspects of our design we spent
a large portion of our research looking
into different communication systems and
decided to test a 5.8 and a 900
megahertz ubiquity system after testing
we've realized the 900 megahertz system
outperformed the 5.8 in both range and
reliability we also decided to pick
circular polarized antennas for the
ability to reject multipath interference
when we have
non-line of sight range with the rover
we'd like to thank our sponsors and our
advisors for helping us get this far
we're excited to be a part of the
competition thank you
