we are robotics for Space Exploration
and we're back again to represent the
University of Toronto at you RC 2018 our
team consists of over 40 undergraduate
students and with the help of our new
sponsors were more excited than ever to
present you our latest Rover design over
the past 4 years of your seat we've
always designed a Rover from scratch to
create an innovative solution but this
year we've decided to take a purely
iterative approach to focused on testing
right away building off the successful
design of her Phoenix Rover from last
year we present to you our latest and
greatest Rover Phoenix 2.0 our
mechanical system this year proved to be
extremely robust to all viewer C tasks
so we're iterating on the same
rocker-bogie system with the
differential bar to maximize the rover
stability and allow for the chassis to
remain level with the ground at all
times
the rocker-bogie linkages are water jet
cut out of 2d aluminum profiles and this
year we've opted to lengthen the rocker
linkage to allow the rover to survive 1
meter high drops
we're also reiterating on our
polyurethane wheels from our sponsors at
Town Boulder which are highly successful
in providing lightweight wheels that can
conform to given terrain this year we're
improving the design by using a stickier
polyurethane resin to allow for even
more traction for the rover's wheels
their casings also provides a safe
enclosure for motors making our drive
system extremely robust to environmental
shocks our chassis consists of custom
aluminum extrusions allowing for easy
mounting of our arm and science tool
modules using a laser cutter we've also
constructed our custom-made acrylic
battery bait which is vertically
attached to the rover's main power
systems this design improvement allows
for quicker powering of the rover as
well as space preservation of our
onboard electronics last year we
introduced our very own custom printed
circuit boards using Eagle CAD software
this year we decided to combine several
functional components together on each
PCB to save space and weight in our
chassis we're also putting a greater
emphasis on safety using Hall effect
sensors to monitor our motors current
draw in real-time and relays to shut off
each motor remotely from our ground
station we're working closely with our
sponsors Fisher and most connectors who
are providing us we were bust
plug-and-play connectors to provide easy
connections between our electronic
components to improve the testability of
our rover's electrical systems
we're also using only one layer of
electronics which will only include our
drive power and communication systems
our software system will be very similar
to last year we're using a web stack
namely react and no GS so that our
different software subsystems can
in any programming language we've
switched to use a serial to communicate
between Arduino microcontrollers and
this year we've opted to use raspberry
pi instead of a laptop for all of our
onboard computations for our economy
compose video and telemetry is handled
by a 2.4 gigahertz wireless connection
between our parabolic dish and the
rover's antenna for the dew point for
connection we have a high gain
directional antenna at the ground
station that lets us communicate from
220 kilometers while autonomously track
through the rover our autonomous system
is built around both coarse and fine
grained control the course means GPS
coordinates of the destination on the
rover to reach a goal for fine we use a
relative positioning systems move closer
to the destination using OpenCV to
calibrate and reading IP cameras
intrinsic and extrinsic parameters to
calculate distance and heading emphasize
ball or LC using a 3d lidar from
sponsors it stands for obstacle
detection so far our system has been
tested in a simulation environment to
refine a computer vision path planning
and path tracking algorithms on last
year's Rover Phoenix as our testbed our
rover's arm uses aluminum linkages
connected in a six degree of freedom
consideration this year we are using
high torque lightweight DC motors and
then ear our traders with rotary
encoders to control each broad angle of
our audits high precision using our
highly successful universe kinetics
algorithms from last year we are able to
control the arm intuitively using a six
degree of freedom tour stick along the
end effector to quickly move towards a
desired goal homes our sign systems have
been overhauled the most this year we
now have a sub team dedicated solely to
science making us more prepare than ever
for the science cash analysis task
instead of attaching our drills directly
to our arm we're creating an independent
science tool that can be mounted
directly to the rover's chassis building
off the success of our science suite
from last year we're reusing the same
on-site sensors to measure soil moisture
a variety of gases and temperature all
for the purpose of gauging the signs of
bugs our off-site analysis tools will be
pH sensors the digital microscope to
detect signs of lichen as well as an
upgraded DIY spectrometer which will be
used for measuring chlorophyll
concentrations in the soil with access
to a new testing facility at the
University of Toronto
we've managed to conduct a comprehensive
number of unit and system level tests
that have been tailored specifically to
the URC 2018 tasks using our old Phoenix
Rover as a testbed we've successfully
tested the rover to navigate towards GPS
coordinates with preparation for the
autonomous traversal tasks for the
extreme retrieval tasks we've also
tested our drive systems new
rocker-bogie to verify that it is now
able to survive high drops as well as
our arm to the flows up to five programs
moving on to the equipment servicing
task we've also run extensive load tests
for dragging them dynamically weighted
cart systems to verify the arms lateral
strength
we've also managed to successfully test
our new science tools demonstrating that
it is able to extract soil samples
deeper than 10 centimeters and compile
them securely in our collector mechanism
now that we have successfully completed
all of our unit and system testing
Anderson local site we're now ready to
continue testing and our fully enclosed
11 millimeter square mars dome at the
Institute for aerospace studies our site
selected thank our sponsors for all of
their support
we're thrilled to show you what we have
in store with Phoenix 2.0 and we can't
wait to compete in the you RC 2018
