hi we're
a multi-disciplinary team from the
university of los angeles
currently we're more than 80 students
from more than 10 different careers
committed towards developing robotic
engineering projects having learned from
our mistakes and pass us we have
developed and tested new rover core
subsystem that allows us to transfer
difficult terrain increases the handling
for arm and grants a remote operating
range of up to a kilometer to achieve a
successful participation in this urc we
set both the system engineering and
co-designed lawsuits as such we read the
requirements and met them with seven
tango subsystems and two general markets
system the rubrics chassis is made up
from 2020 modular aluminum profiles
which guarantee adaptability and
structural integrity at all times
for the rover to traverse uneven terrain
we got inspiration on the mars rover
rocker boogie system with the difference
that ours only has four wheels
furthermore our rockers were made up
from aluminum arch tubes for optimal
force distribution for transferring
movement between brokers the rover has
an aluminum differential bar under its
chassis completely designed on autocad
software it is also aided by a pulley
system for improved stability
the wheels were designed with a
honeycomb pattern known for its
exceptional strength to weight radio
these wheels were simulated on ansi's
deformation analysis software in
robocall we have adjacent tx2 that works
as a central axis of our entire current
architecture which has been designed and
manufactured by the motion control team
also we have peripheral boards that are
executing parallel tasks and
communicating with our jetson these
allow us to have a modulated and
decentralized control of the rover's
functionalities
the communication system allows to
connect with the router from long
distances through antennas with 13 dba
gain
rockets that operate at 2.4 gigahertz
and routers to which all of the devices
are connected
we have developed path planning
algorithms based on dijkstra nas star
control systems that use odometry given
by an inter-real sense odometry camera
and manual remote operation codes
among others
all of our algorithms works inside our
ros melodic workspace which is the
framework that match all of our
subsystems
to complete the task we developed a 6
degree of freedom serial manipulator
which can reach every position it is
important to say that this robotic arm
can be controlled with inverse
kinematics during the equipment
servicing which allows us to implement
linear trajectories that position the
end effector close to the panel and then
operate by direct kinematics
the arm is composed of separate motors
whose drivers are controlled by
mbijetson which runs the script that
moved each motor independently to
improve cable management we made use of
the i square c protocol
these aspects don't give us only
precision but also the necessary
strength to complete the stream
retrieval task hence we're able to live
5 kilograms and move the object to
another position in the software team we
are in charge of developing algorithms
for image recognition and remote
teleoperation for image analysis
programs we use python with opencv aruco
tensorflow and numpy libraries
the user interface team developed a web
application to allow easy access for
monitoring and tracking the rover the
web app implements the angular framework
to provide the user friendly tool and
implements websockets in django to
exchange information between the web
application and the ros nodes
in addition we have five available
cameras for the pilot which allows
otometric estimation and depth
calculation finally we fulfill the
autonomous task detecting the ar tax and
calculating the distance with our rover
for the power subsystem we use six
lithium polymer batteries symmetric
custom pcbs allow for modularity and
flexibility these enable two
interruptions for each power outlet an
enough switch and an emergency stop
button furthermore it permits for ice
core c communication with the jetson in
the main electrical box and for an
external power input that charges the
batteries through a battery management
system
the science model of the rover is
composed of two main subsystems a sample
collector and an analyzer-denominated
ramses and on-board lab-denominated eva
ramses consist of a bucket wheel
excavator that retrieves surface soil
samples seize them to a specific grain
size measures their temperature and
humidity and transport them to the eva
it is also equipped with a microscope
there are several compartments for four
distinct samples and six chemical texts
to evaluate and conclude the existence
of life throughout this process we have
been supporting the development and
progress of our team in the robot
project
this work goes from the management and
organization of the other subsystems to
communication and relationship that
allow us to get sponsorship
in the end big ideas need friends that's
why sharing and helping with the design
process of sending our rover to mars is
a main objective
you
