[Music]
hi we are team Bronco from the
University of Lausanne BC in Bogota
Colombia an amalgam of science and
engineering students working together
towards a single goal following the
process from Roberto Kumari in the year
C 2018 we present RAM you a revamped
version with a more dexterous arm and
improved traction control
[Music]
the robberies confirmed using an FPGA
and are very high which communicates
with the control module track access
point the controller allows for precise
movements such as power access panel
indicative lining warns if the robber is
performing a task in autonomous mode or
idle and safely approachable
no sleep control and a precision gripper
providing hands dexterity and
controllability with an 80 centimeter
arm reach and 5 kilogram load capacity
the six degree of freedom arm has wide
dexterous workspace and can also fall
back over itself for stability while
traversing rough or difficult terrain
the precision gripper has a self
centering grip to pick up and use tools
skillfully as well as perform a number
of complex tasks the suspension
arrangement is inspired on a
rocker-bogie and is suitable for uneven
terrain
[Music]
[Music]
autonomous control is calculated in a
Raspberry Pi tree and uses lobe level
controls implemented in the FPA a basic
go to go control following a linear
trajectory is used to get close to each
landmark when the robber is approaching
a landmark the front high definition
camera is unable to provide OpenCV color
image processing to identify we propose
the use of active sensors to detect
environmental doses associated to the
define the limits of human life make
these parameters the temperature of the
soul and the atmosphere pressure pH
salinity and dissipation also the robot
can carry out secondary analysis to
deepen the determination of excellent
life such as elemental analysis an
analysis of activity in the soil on the
other hand most of the passive sensors
reducing the rubber our basic analysis
of multispectral imagine so we will
mostly be using my district programming
which give us the possibility of
identifying past and present
characteristics of the environment by
analyzing mineral composition which
helps to the shed light on these
accidents finally we are going to see
our confidence because they are present
in a vast majority
beings and that is sweetly biotic
therefore the presence of poor feelings
might be a decisive indicator for life
