hello hundred students of diversity our
service and this roll call is a multi
supply team here isn't a Jew 2011 as a
student with an initiative with a grand
total of 25 affleck active members
consisting of mechanical electrical
engineers as well as a team of
biologists and scientists based on the
tested research carried out by previous
and active members throughout the year
the Chimera Mars program relies on a
rocker-bogie traction system with the
smart chassis the operational systems
and control devices can be evenly
distributed as to maintain the rubriz
overall center of gravity as close to
his midpoint as possible keeping this in
mind the complete frame non linkage
components and non specific operational
systems have all been designed in
aluminum due to its lightweight cheap
costs mark available availability reduce
oxidation physical properties and
availability aluminum is the best option
for a project of this scale also the
previous Bart differential system has
been replaced with a new spring held
contraption that allows Liberty and
rover movement and stress relief when
subjected to minor bumps or false
Pokemon interacts with the world using a
serial manipulator with six recibir it
is saturated by five stepper motors and
1 DC linear actuator the stepper motors
have single or dual stage velocity
reduction depending on the necessary
work of the joint the wrist has a couple
kinematics for position and rotation
interchangeable end effectors for the
different tasks safer the rotary base
the arm is detachable lowering the
center of gravity of the Robert rampion
to almost reversal tests where salary is
partner your see eternity electronically
decide to back up the different systems
in order to carry through the promise
that may appear at the competition
at the Central Command in the world
harassed by three was selected to a
decimal coordinator the raspberry
receives information from the base
station deciding internal instructions
to the rest of the world it also gives
us the possibility to process images in
the robber traded time the base station
allowing us to send less information to
the base on the other hand we are using
open MP commands 7 this camera has a me
controller on board with bronze and
Python language being capable of
crossing images
on it the Raspberry Pi is also in charge
of equality GPS data send it to the base
station via Wi-Fi and using the data
from the autonomy test in order to reach
the specific target traction when Utah
was essential to design a possible a
scenario for the specific terrain we
will work in the difficulties variable
face image of the task in particular the
autonomous navigation it was decided to
keep the dish individual motor working
separately
this allowed us to send a battalion
parameters and the rich for the data
query or decoders a 24 voltage DC with
very unfair our variables to provide
appropriate correct word each month we
have an additional buffer which allows
us to charge a battery in the common
station while the role is being used in
Ithaca
and tennis worth taking clinical to
chamber to be tested this was done to
measure the vibration pattern assuring
the communication between the control
base and the rubber the antennas work at
2.45 gigahertz and five gigahertz this
gives us the possibility to change the
frequency depending on the distance from
the rubber and interference on those
frequencies hi my name is qu yang we are
part of the five members from the
science team of rocket our duty is to
identify features from the rock samples
collected by the rover first of all we
need to determine the soil humidity its
subservice temperature and the
conductivity of the sample which are the
minimum requirements of the university
of alberta furthermore we'll search for
other attributes such as mineralogy or
by indicators which will allow us to
compute where there are suitable
conditions for life to be supported or
developed
you
