hi I'm Sam today I'm proud to present to
you our Rover team the RPI rock raiders
one and a half years ago we created this
interdisciplinary team of engineers and
scientists to create and design a rover
for the University Rover challenge we
work out of a lab here in our paison
Center for automation technologies and
systems we're a mechanical electrical
software and science sub teams are
working hard to create innovative and
unique technologies to integrate into
our Rovers here's a brief overview of
what we've come up with so far the
mechanical subsystem consists of the
chassis the drive system and the arm the
chassis provides a durable enclosure for
the electrical subsystem and the
suspension and drive allow for mobility
over difficult terrain rover's chassis
is constructed primarily from 80/20
aluminum beams provide a durable and
modular frame the rectangular
cross-section provides ample space for
electronics and other equipment the
rover's drive system is a four wheel
drive with independent motors suspension
is also independently articulated
turning is achieved through differential
torque the rover is currently undergoing
a refit to replace its classic wheels
with superior aluminum wheels for
indesign graciously manufactured by
proto case these wheels should allow for
more effective travel over difficult
terrain
for the manipulation challenge two arms
are used to accomplish a wide range of
tasks our modular chassis allows us to
quickly swap arms by manipulation of
tools and equipment is done with the six
degree freedom kunavaram
it's lightweight construction and
extremely precise motion is a good fit
for small-scale tasks that require
highly accurate position these tasks
include moving and using tools as well
as pressing buttons such as those that
may be found on a keyboard for
heavy-duty tasks we have constructed a
second arm powered by linear actuators
this arms high strength and durability
make it a good fit for lifting tasks
such as retrieving large samples with a
maximum capacity of over 20 pounds the
equipment for the science tasks can also
be mounted to the end of this arm the
brain of the rover is the AI MV 274
motherboard which is powered through a
Pico PSU board in a 12 volt regulator
the motherboard interprets data sent
through the ubiquity M 900 to control
the rover visual data transfer motor
driver communication and encoder
feedback are also facilitated by the
rover an Arduino Uno microcontroller
converts analog signals from the sensors
to digital signals which are sent
serially to the motherboard
communications with the rover occur over
to you B to D radio transceivers the
module on the chassis has
omnidirectional antenna so we don't have
to worry about on board orientation well
the base station antenna here is
powerful enough for several kilometers
of range providing superior penetration
through solid objects on the 900
megahertz band for when the rover leaves
line-of-sight using this bi-directional
point-to-point bridge we can send
commands from the base station to the
rover as well as sending back data and
video feed to power all this a 12 volt
lithium-ion battery provides nearly a
thousand watt hours to allow for
extended use of the competition of
course safety both for the hardware and
ourselves was a paramount consideration
in the design so the battery is in
series with a 100 amp circuit breaker
and an emergency stop relay in case of
rapid discharge of the battery for
further magic smoke prevention each
individual component is also placed in
series with the smaller circuit breaker
according to its nominal rating there
fit a science sub team we're using the
Ross framework to control the rover and
the base station our code for graphical
user interface communication and sensor
reading all interface with the modular
Ross system we have also created a
simulation to test inverse kinematics of
our manipulators we have used it to
verify the functionality of our
manipulated design for the autonomous
traversal task we have created a
computer vision neural network to detect
tennis balls
it is a Ross compatible convolutional
neural network that can be trained to
search for any type of image it uses the
lasagne library or neural network base
and OpenCV to read images the goal of
the science team is to search the field
for sites that show potential of
supporting microbial life an on-board
panoramic camera will be used to search
for 10 tulip channels which is evidence
of water flow once a site has been
selected an auger will be used to
extract in-store soil samples for sample
analysis our plan is to use a high
resolution camera to search for well
rounded pebbles and well sorted layers
which is a result of water flow for the
lab analysis we plan on using a pH probe
on a sample a lower pH suggests the
presence of life processes such as
respiration
