[Music]
hello my name is Chris como and I'm the
team lead for the rose-hulman Institute
of Technology University Rover challenge
team I am excited to show you our
progress for the system acceptance
review
our team is split up into three
different groups mechanical electrical
and software members from these groups
are organized into 10 different
multidisciplinary project teams based on
interest and expertise these projects
include the chassis drivetrain
communications battery electronics
rugged ization navigation target
tracking controls user interface and
science we iterated upon last year's
design based on the committee's feedback
these criteria included robustness and
modularity to improve upon our chances
of success at the competition in Utah
[Music]
the goal for this year's wheels was to
optimize the weight strength and
toughness we achieved this by creating
an easily manufacturable infield
serviceable design next we created a
material index for each of the
components and found that an aluminum
polypropylene sandwich structure for the
perimeter pieces and an ABS plastic for
the sidewalls would give us the best
performance the spaces between the
perimeter sports would reduce weight
relative to a solid wheel as well as
provide more grip by catching the ground
and other obstacles we encountered our
[Music]
goal for the rover's electronics is to
assemble a robust and powerful power
system that can supply our high torque
motors with the power they need for
extended use at the heart of this system
lies four series connected three point
two volts 72 amp iron lithium iron
phosphate battery cells these batteries
have the capacity to power the rover for
over an hour of continuous drive time
the lithium iron phosphate chemistry
ensures the battery will function
efficiently in the high heat of the
Desert Sun
[Music]
the drive control in our Rover is
managed on an independent
microcontroller based system that
communicates to our central processing
unit through a USB serial connection
this system uses victor SPX motor
controllers on a pwm protocol the driver
motors from the 12-volt power source
communication to our rover from the base
station is handled by multi-threaded
Python sockets which receive and
transmit data from the driver inputs
over the long range antenna system our
wireless communication system uses two
off-the-shelf antennas the base station
antenna is a motorized directional
antenna to ensure long-range
communications and the rover antenna is
omnidirectional to prevent loss of
communication these antennas have been
tested at ranges of over half a
kilometer and can easily transmit over
the distances faced in the competition
[Music]
the arm is a six degree of freedom
anthropomorphic arm with a spherical
wrist linear actuators on joints 2 & 3
provides sufficient joint torques for
lifting objects joints 2 3 & 5 are non
back drivable using a Worman wheel to
reduce arm power consumption when
statically holding objects our arm uses
joint space rate control with the telly
operator closing the loop the final
control system will use inverse velocity
kinematics to allow for rate control the
end effector in Cartesian space the end
effector features different contours for
grasping objects of different sizes and
geometries and opens and closes along a
linear path similar to advice
[Music]
the autonomous navigation system is
built on the Ross navigation stack the
system applies sensor fusion on an IMU
GPS and lidar to localize the robot
position we have implemented the local
planner to navigate between obstacles in
a global planner to generate the optimal
path between each GPS Waypoint once our
autonomous traversal system successfully
ruins our over to the given GPS
coordinates our robot will then
transition to the autonomous target
tracking system to initially find either
they are tagged post or gate the robot
will slowly spin in place and scan the
surrounding area using the onboard USB
camera our system uses the air track out
of our package from Ross to recognize
the tags and calculate their pose we
have thoroughly tested our target
tracking software on scaled-down version
of the robot there were set in different
initial positions at varying distances
and angles from either the individual
post or gate and the scales Rover was
able to successfully reach the post or
pass through the gate of these initial
positions we plan to conduct similar
tests with our full-size Rover using the
same software
our strategy for the science task uses
spectroscopy to identify key elements of
interest in soil samples a 3 watt laser
reflects off the soil passes through a
lens to increase the intensity of the
reflected light and is separated into
its various wavelengths using the
diffraction grating cameras are placed
at specific locations to detect the
wavelengths of light which correspond to
carbon hydrogen and oxygen the presence
of these elements suggests the existence
of life in the soil
you
