[Music]
hello we are team roverova from vsb
Technical University of ostrova Czech
Republic we are pleased to present our
Rover for the University Rover challenge
2023 after an eventful year of upgrades
and testing we are ready to compete in
the challenging missions in the middle
of the Utah desert in this video we will
show you our current approach to the
competition tasks
the extreme delivery Mission provides a
challenging experience for the Rover and
its operators the Rover's suspension is
a sturdy averaging rocker mechanism that
can overcome 30 centimeter obstacles
without problems the wheels have
integrated Hub motors with planetary
gearboxes and flexible 3D printed tires
this combination provides necessary
torque traction and compliance to drive
through a variety of obstacles like logs
rocks planks or boxes the wheels have
enough power to drive the robot into
steep slopes up to 45 degrees
the wheels are also capable of
independent steering allowing the Rover
to drive in multiple different modes
once our Rover reaches the objects for
retrieval it can grasp them using its
manipulator small objects like hand
tools can be transported directly in the
end effector or stored in a side mounted
container module larger objects up to 5
kilograms can be lifted and carried the
collected objects will then be delivered
to a specified location
there are two Lithium Polymer batteries
powering the Rover a 4S for The Logical
circuit and a6s for powering all Motors
both are designed to last about 2 hours
of driving around in the case of any
unexpected Behavior the stop button can
be pressed which Cuts all power from
both batteries
the autonomous navigation is implemented
through Ros the standard move base
package was customized for our needs to
work with our Rover geometry and to
perform the search for goal posts and
Gates the localization relies on the
fusion of visual and IMU odometry from
Z2 camera wheel odometry and data from
GPS module the navigation algorithm is
running on the Rover itself and does not
rely on the wireless connection to the
operator station right now we are in the
process of testing different search
strategies and simulations and real
field conditions once the Rover reaches
the desired coordinates it will begin a
search strategy to find the goal post
attempt to drive near it and display its
current state with the lights on its
mast
the equipment servicing mission is where
we focus on our manipulator it has six
degrees of freedom it uses motors with a
combination of spur worm or cycloidal
gearboxes to perform its functions and
many of the parts are manufactured with
3D printing including the cyclotal
gearboxes on the second and third joints
the manipulator is remotely controlled
by a custom operator panel the panel
allows three different modes of
controlling the manipulator there is a
scaled down replica of the manipulator
for direct tele operation a mode for
running to save positions or
pre-programmed trajectories and an
inverse kinematics mode for precise
control in individual directions either
through buttons or with a 6dof mouse and
just like that switches knobs buttons
doors keyboards drawers screws USB ports
and joysticks all can be manipulated
intuitively
the communications between the Rover and
the operator are taken very seriously
therefore there is an emphasis on
redundancy we can control all systems
and get feedback data through Wi-Fi
router with an omnidirectional antenna
in the combination with the directional
antenna on the operator station provides
up to one kilometer connection the
critical systems can also be controlled
with an RC transmitter through a 900
megahertz link this provides control of
up to several kilometers a redundancy of
visual feedback is achieved with several
fpv analog cameras and transmitters on
5.8 gigahertz The crucial data like
views from the end effector is thus
doubled the redundancy in our
Communications allows us to drive the
Rover on Wi-Fi only or completely
without Wi-Fi
for the science Mission an additional
laboratory module is mounted on the
Rover this module is equipped with a
variety of environmental sensors and
mechanisms to analyze samples of soil
once the Rover reaches the sampling
location it uses the manipulator with
the scooping end effector to collect a
soul sample the soil sample is then
loaded to the module through a hopper
mechanism the mechanism deposits
specified volume of soil into vials and
dumps the excess soil out of the module
samples are stored in vials on a
rotating Carousel the vials are filled
with chemicals that react with the soil
sample the module can perform multiple
proof reactions at the same time while
observing the outcome with a camera it
can even heat the samples if necessary
thanks to this analysis we will be able
to support a hypothesis of extinct or
extant life we will continue testing our
system and rehearsing the missions in
order to be ready for anything the
competition will throw our way team
Rover Rover is looking forward to
meeting you in Utah
