[Music]
welcome to the rock raiders an
interdisciplinary team of about 15
students from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute in Troy New York this year
we've worked hard to design and test new
systems for our Rover we've incorporated
feedback from previous years and grown
as a team to create a rover we're
excited to show you today the project
management strategy this year was to
head the coal Rover sub team deliver a
rover with base functionality by the end
of the fall semester as this was
happening the mission sub team was
focused on designing researching
developing the techniques required to do
well on the individual missions using
the fully functioning Rover final
implementation of a mission specific
task takes place during the spring
semester meanwhile the core Rover sub
team will be focusing on testing and
gathering feedback to deliver a final
design optimized for weight performance
and efficiency the Rovers mechanical
systems have been redesigned this year
with special attention placed on
in-house manufacturing the overwhelming
majority of chassis and drive parts can
be machined using readily available
methods the rover is built on a 4-wheel
rocker type suspension with coupled
articulation that aids in traversing
difficult terrain this design offers an
excellent balance between
manufacturability performance and low
complexity while meeting URC
requirements this year the rover's Power
Systems have seen a complete overhaul
this includes switching our batteries to
lift the in polymer chemistry for a
nearly 50% reduction in battery mass as
well as a new removable enclosure from
proto case which allows for ease of
access and repair while we're in the
field the latest addition to the rock
raiders Arsenal is our new base station
antenna mount which can autonomously
track the rover's position in
combination with the superior object
penetration capabilities of the 900
megahertz band and a high gain sector
antenna we were able to easily obtain
optimal signal strength anywhere within
the limits of the competition
our Thomas traversal system is in a very
strong position using a GPS IMU and
magnetometer we can already navigate
between GPS markers thanks to our use of
the Ross nav stack this functionality is
quite robust the rover localizes itself
using the robot localization package
obstacle avoidance will be done with the
Zed stereo camera this has already been
modeled in our simulation it is also
capable of visual odometry we need tech
tennis balls with the two-stage approach
we first use HSB color filtering and a
half-circle detective to find candidate
tennis balls
we then filter out false positives with
a neural network near this year we've
been doing most of our testing in a
simulator of our own design
it lets us very quickly test our
algorithms regardless of the weather
outside
this year's chassis has been designed to
handle any challenge the URC throws at
us critical areas of the chassis have
all gone through stress analysis to make
sure that we're going to be able to hold
up under the forces experienced during
extreme navigation a rocker-bogie
suspension for independent drive motors
and sturdy aluminum wheels ensured that
we're going to be able to handle any
terrain for retrieving items during the
extreme retrieval tasks we've tested the
arm by lifting over twice the maximum
weight we're going to be expected to
lift at URC with our arm our drivetrain
a tracking base station antenna and
onboard GPS we're confident that the
rover is going to be able to lift any
item and deliver it anywhere we need to
complement our three axis arm we've
designed an end effector that is placed
on a spherical wrist we use inverse
kinematics to calculate drawing angles
for the arm based on the desired
position and orientation of the
end-effector this allows for efficient
manipulation of the rover's environment
the fingers of the end effector are
designed to curl around objects as they
close this allows us to securely grabbed
tools regardless of their shape or size
the linear actuator operand the end
effector has sufficient torque to lift
and hold a three kilogram cache
our science system has been redesigned
in order to accommodate the new
parameters of the URC science task due
to the lack of pure chemicals on Mars
our system utilizes analysis techniques
that don't require chemical reactions
such as spectrometers temperature gas
and moisture sensors these four sensors
give the team a good idea of the general
chemical composition of the soil sample
on board we utilize a microscope
alongside a computer vision algorithm
the team design in order to determine
the relative eccentricity and size of
the soil grains within the soil sample
smooth and well rounded soil grains can
indicate the past presence of water
thank you for your time right now the
team's hard at work finishing subsystems
and getting our rover competition ready
we hope to see you there
[Music]
