an allergy minimize weight this years
mechanical system features a
rocker-bogie which comprises of carbon
fiber tubes and water ejected aluminum
Co clouds our chassis uses aluminum
extrusions to allow for quick attachment
of modular subsystems such as our
science module and our battery bay uses
3d printed cradles and an adjustable
strap for fast and easy battery swaps
multiple fabrication methods are
currently being tested in conjunction
with our custom steel mode to prototype
different tread geometries in our custom
all-european tires tires are driven by
an brushless motors coupled to our
custom gearboxes which features a 3.7 to
one ratio as well as 3d printed housings
this year we designed to custom PCBs one
being the drive board and the other
being the low power board the drive
board supplies power to aggressive Rover
through two lipo battery rates we use a
redundant relay circuit to isolate power
from the rest of the rover and also have
designed a circuit to display the
battery status of charge by an LED bar
graph on the board these board has six
brushless motor drivers to control the
drivetrain and each have the speed
controlled by a 12 bit resolution
iceberg seat down our other board is our
low power board the low power board has
three bucking burgers that regulates a 5
volt 12 volt and 24 volt rail at greater
than 92% efficiency the outputs of these
rails are supplied to other subsystems
and our current and voltage protected
via an D fuse so this year the robot arm
utilizes six degrees of freedom
powered by seven motors - which are
connected to
actuators that lift the majority of the
arm the gripper has a scissor design
that operates on leadscrew this provides
a large amount of course for the
relatively low profile this year working
we're working on finalizing inverse
kinematics with a new iceberg suit
protocol in a daisy chain configuration
this will allow us to control the arm
exactly where it needs to go without
having to manually position it we are
also working on making new simulations
of the arm system on gazebo which will
allow us to prototype and test new arm
designs and control code base with high
precision physics simulations before
putting them into production all major
software subsystems of the rover the
Rovers onboard computer and video touch
them tips to launch the master code
which allows the RAAF's notes on the
rover and the ground station to
communicate with one another in our
system we have noted for Jacquet the map
controls camera and air toxic for
commandant and tool a ps3 controller
interface with ps3 joy provides input to
the system allowing smooth
transliteration
a scaled-down version of the autonomy
system Oh Bronson operation providing
localization chopping and visualization
feedback from the RGV
hmm the autonomy system uses an intel
realsense RGB camera to detect a are
tagged waypoints and perform slab using
our tab mount this data is combined with
the Dhamma tree GPS coordinates IME
readings and no one Waypoint locations
to form a local and global map for
computing a traversal path of winning
obstacles both a plan generated by our
tap map and a potential tool based paths
are generated with a path tracking
system designed to minimize tangential
and angular error sending velocity
values to the wheels the signs challenge
this year with San affected for signs of
light in situ on both rock and soil
samples are wet lap platform
incorporates microscopy biological
substance tests and emission spectra
analysis
in our photonic emissions test we
selectively excite at baby molecules and
search for the emission spectra to
obtain concentrations of this life
indicate of substance in the soil
these tests are complemented by our
suite of environment senses including
air and soil temperature humidity and
yosi's concentration sensors our 900
megahertz communication system consists
of a iniquity rocket and nine wireless
access point alumnus and air maps and
tamatha base station and another look at
them nines and a high gain we're in
tonight in the rover we also have a new
2.4 gigahertz baseness router and an 8
Portland gear network switch on the
rover in order to interface with
external devices we can arrange tests to
test the strength of our system and the
most recent one suggesting maximum range
for one
currently we are working on implementing
the user Datagram protocol across on all
our networks in order to decrease the
latency camera feeds and joystick
control transitions this year we are
unable to demonstrate complete mobility
of the world over guess our video due to
the manufacturing oversight with our
gearboxes the Hall effect sensors and
five level six of our Maxon motors were
damaged we're currently waiting for
replacing sensors which we will install
ourselves using on our hot air station
we have full control of our working
motor and are confident that we will
have all six motors plus a spare working
within the next two weeks
