[Music]
hi everyone welcome to the University of
Toronto where we are thrilled to show
you what robotics for space exploration
has in store for the 2019 University
Rover challenge after competing in the
you receive for the past six years our
team of over 40 undergraduate and
graduate students have been constantly
innovating and iterating on our new
Rover designs with a dedicated executive
team of mechanical electrical software
science arm and communication sub team
leads we are proud to present our latest
Rovers functionalities as well as our
testing plans the software system for
this year will use robot operating
system or Ross our hardware components
include dry arm and science urdu nose
the Nvidia Jason board Zed stereo camera
360 degrees IP camera inertial
navigation system in ground station
computers all of our software subsystems
are responsible for communication
between each hardware components and
their functionalities video and Telma
tree are handled by a 2.4 gigahertz
wireless connection between our
parabolic dish and our Rovers antenna
our autonomous system is built around
both coarse and fine grain control for
voiding obstacle we used the stereo
camera for simple a simultaneous mapping
localization planning given relative
goal coordinates the algorithm will
direct a path towards the goal while
avoiding obstacles for verification
purposes we are using gazebo which is an
easy to use simulation environment that
is compatible with Ross in bottles of
our rover and terrain we can test the
software functionalities without the
need of a physical last year six degree
of freedom arm design was our best yet
meaning this year we are iterating on
its success the two main projects taken
on this year are to simplify the control
system wiring and to design a memory
control system to increase efficiency
our team has designed PCBs to read and
code information and relay the data
through expert seed to our main arm
control board this year we are
implementing a mimicry control system
with a half-scale arm this system will
make large-scale movements much easier
for the arm and we will use inverse
kinematics for more precise motions the
shoulder and elbow linear actuators can
lift 181 kilograms and 122 kilograms
respectively meaning our arm can easily
lift five kilograms of weight our
control system also allows us to have
fine dextrous movement to flip switches
and open doors the six degrees of
freedom allows our arm to use an allen
driver as well overall the arm this year
will have a more efficient system than
last years both in user control and
communicate
the science challenge this year was to
detect for signs of life in situ on both
rock and soil samples we decided our
best approach was to use emission
spectra analysis of biological
substances our approach selectively
excites flavin adenine dinucleotide
molecules and searches for emissions to
obtain concentrations of dislike
essential substance in the soil the
whole apparatus is fitted has the end
effector on the arm and is repeatable
non-contact and solid-state the systems
have been iterated and improved from
last year successful design in order to
minimize weight and to allow for easier
transport we have decided to scale down
our six field rocker-bogie suspension
system with a differential bar we have
also decided to add a unique tread
youngji to our poly urethane here which
will be manufactured with a custom mold
our modular chassis has been redesigned
to have a more compact design to need
more space for maneuvering in time and
finally we have also displayed our power
distribution boards with our battery bay
through the use of custom 8 bus parts
the custom-made PCBs enable us to use
less wires and makes it easier to
connect and disconnect the battery bay
from the chassis in case of emergencies
I lead several students in designing and
cutting up PCBs for the escrow subsystem
that ranges anywhere from the drive
through the arm to the science
subsystems this year the National Teams
decided to further simplify our
electoral designs we've decided to stick
with our current designs and make the
mobile robust and efficient to
accomplish that goal we decided to unify
all the components across all of the
different subsystems so that includes
all of our eye sees all of our motor
drivers all of our interfaces so that
will allow us to have quickly swappable
and easily incorporate of all the
components so the high power subsystem
this year now incorporates all of its
motor drivers directly into the PCB this
saves a lot of weight in space that was
used up by wires and connections between
the two we've also gone through the
power to the system directly from the
batteries through a bus bar this safe
space and way and allows us to have a
more power efficient delivery system
we've also added several key safety
features like an emergency stop and
individually control relays for each
subsystem so it allows us to control
these components and turn them on and
off we've also added several monitoring
and tracking components that was
actually tracked our power usage and see
how much power we have remaining in our
substances with access to our new
facility in the mine health center for
engineering
entrepreneurship for life fabrication as
well as the Mars dome at the Institute
for aerospace studies for on-site
testing we have been privileged with all
of the resources we need to conduct
proper validation of our designs using
our fully functional Phoenix 2.0 Rover
from last year the software team has
been busily preparing for the autonomous
traversal and extreme retrieval tasks by
running and evaluating its navigation
algorithms in real-time the arm and
mechanical team have collectively tested
the rover's ability to carry a variety
of objects of different shapes and sizes
ensuring that the rover travels on
terrain similar to those found in the
euro seas desert regions before we go
we'd like to take the time to thank all
our sponsors for all of their support
without our in-kind and monetary
sponsorships from other university
departments and industry collaborators
we wouldn't be where we are today and
most importantly thank you for watching
and we can't wait to represent U of T at
the your seat
