[Music]
you
Tamura was founded by our seniors five
years ago in the span of this years we
have achieved numerous feats some in the
eyes of public and some in the knowledge
of team alone in my experience the team
has grown each year from something what
it wanted to be to what it has become
today with the team once consisted of
just eight members at the start the team
now fosters 30 students with res a
conjugation of five different domains
mechanical electronics coding bio sense
and corporate the development of Rover
is divided in four main phases our
indian planning phase designing phase
fabrication and integration phase and
testing and debugging phase the assi
problem statement has evolved over the
years and as a result of this our
approach to designing the rover has
changed this has brought into play a lot
of designing parameters along with the
special focus on systems integration
this us JC has been approved in
conception over the last few years the
mechanism is a three period one
mechanism which allows the rover to
dynamically adapt itself to a waiting
terrain this allows the robot to not
really navigate carefully over sudden
inclines but will also have a reduced
shock compact which would have had a
tendency damage the onboard electronics
the chassis has been fabricated using
high-grade aluminum six zero six three
the manipulator this year has undergone
a series of iterations to make it more
robust and more importantly responsive
feedback has been implemented by means
of potentiometers and inbuilt encoders
so as to get the desired response and
accuracy the ypr has undergone massive
development wherein we have made a
compact Y pair system by bringing into
line the pitch and roll motions by means
of bevel gears a universal end effector
has been designed to tackle all the
tasks and reduce the time and complexity
involved in assembly and integration
[Music]
the electronics division of our team is
divided into three sub domains power
system control system and communication
we are using six high tot DC motors
delivering enough torque to the rover
for traversing through rough terrain and
steep inclines so the robotic arm we are
using electric linear actuators and
servo motors to perform intricate
operations on the field with precision
our control system mainly comprises of
Raspberry Pi already know and high-end
motor drivers Raspberry Pi is being used
as the master which further communicates
with arduino y SPI protocol to come on
the system since image processing
involves many complex operations ordered
is also being used on the rover various
fpv camera is transmitting life we did
one point Zika codes have been placed
strategically on the chassis to monitor
the surroundings as well as the rover
[Music]
this year the rover has seen a major
shift in control from RC to keyboard the
use of keyboard aims to ease the control
of the robot and reduce the setup at the
ground station we defined last year's gy
configuration to provide more effective
control of the rover the join cop it's a
map to aid the driver with manual
control we can easily switch between
autonomous and manual control using a
key on the keyboard and uploading the
coordinates of the rover through the
interface the robot transverses between
two gates autonomously using GPS and
compass on the rover once the rover
reaches within 2 meters of the GPS
coordinates it detects the gates using
open CV for any mask over the main
objective is to analyze whether the
Martian surface is capable of supporting
life in order to determinate they have
devised an array of on and off both
tests along with its corresponding
scientific instrument they have split
our task into three tires time and
elemental analysis time to biological
assets
type 3 and manual specific micro
Phyllis's we have created a rugged by a
box reinforced with iron and aluminium
plates making it impervious to light and
leaks inside the bio box we have a UV
visible spectrophotometer
capable of machining in the 200 to 700
nanometer range which will be using it
for the pollutant to analysis in tandem
with this do you have an array of
sensors capable of measuring various
environmental variables such as soil
temperature pH humidity and also Nino's
to measure the gaseous compositions
armed with these tests
instrument we are ready to tackle the
Martian environment
[Music]
