here at parks and robotics we reassess
the challenge from ground up and work
diligently to synthesize an overall
system for your seat we use our
extensive experience from the past of
competitions to create the scenarios
that our true analog GRC settings we
conducted major changes to each
subsystem of keeping and improving what
worked well from last year we are proud
to present our most reliable and
competition-ready Rover today this year
the mechanical team has worked hard to
reduce weight improve all-terrain
capability and make controlling they are
more intuitive our unique SCARA arm
design has been changed to a cylindrical
configuration it uses a linear axis in
place of one of the rotational joints by
having a linear axis on the end of the
arm instead of a rotational one the
operator can intuitively move the end
effector relative to their own point of
view this allows the operator to easily
manipulate the controls during the
equipment servicing tasks as well as
pick up objects easily journeyextreme of
fuel like the Pescara configuration a
cylindrical configuration uses a
vertical axis which is useful for
drilling operations during the science
tests our other major focus this year
has been the wheels the wheels that were
previously used for rigid and
transmitted far too much force into the
rest of the suspension as well they lack
the traction required to effectively
traverse the obstacles in the extreme
retrieval tasks to solve these problems
our members have been working hard on
several prototypes of highly deformable
wheels using methods such as flexible 3d
printing and casting rubber tires these
methods have resulted in a marked
improvement in ride smoothness and a
drastic reduction in forces seen by the
rest of the suspension you BOTS as well
the traction provided by the rubbery
materials allows the wheels to climb
large obstacles like those found in the
extreme retrieval task taking full
advantage of our unique double land of
suspension design the chassis of the
rover has been completely redesigned to
be much smaller thanks to the new more
compact controls architecture it still
uses a core load-bearing frame but with
a much smaller and lighter outer shell
for housing all the electronic
components the smaller size allows other
components especially the arm to be much
more compact and stable during operation
this year we have gone with a modular
peer-to-peer basis control system for
long-range communications we utilize a
combination of 900 megahertz and 2.4
gigahertz
radios connected in parallel this allows
elements of our control system
the hot spot between links providing
fallbacks in case of catastrophic com
sauce this ensures a reliability of
track commands while maintaining the
ability to send large amounts of death
our cameras utilize a little peppery
WebRTC transport systems which transmits
a tested six counties simultaneously
over current communication system web
RTC breaks connections provide us with
low latency fees in addition to high
levels of encoding this should give the
driver up and over the complete picture
of what is going on without saturating
the current Rover throat limits further
work is being done to add overlays and
visualizations of over our movements
compasses and IV data to the camera
feeds to continue to give the driver a
quick visual reference this year our
park system has been custom designed to
offer reduced weight and added
electrical safety features for the
autonomous tasks our team has taken an
agile development approach by first
setting goals for the development of
simple autonomous processes we'll start
with the water and fight system that
utilize a mixture of GPS and vision
based systems to identify and find
waypoints we are currently testing this
system that we'll be focusing on
perfecting and improving upon it over
the next few months additionally we have
created a separate test platform to
protect the autonomous operations this
allows us to reserve the main Rover for
direct testing well he's in the
secondary platform for all autonomous
operations with the size mission being
moved entirely onto the rover the
science team had to alter our approach
after investigating several life
detection tests including our rapid DNA
RNA and protein extractions we decided
to go with highly sensitive ATP test ATP
is found ubiquitously among living
organisms and is responsible for
facilitating essential non spontaneous
biochemical reactions our soil samples
are deposited into a solution of cell
lysis buffer and bioluminescent
reactants
if microbiota are present is ATP readily
reacts to emit photons a calibrated
optical sensor tells us if this reaction
occurs
indicating the presence of microbiota in
the soil we opted for a modular carousel
like science console design capable of
completely isolating up to six soil
samples our augers also act as a
high-speed vortex to adequately mix soil
samples with our bio luminescent
solution to further prevent cross
contamination of our
samples we designed a seamless mechanism
to replace used boring augers with
sterilized ones between soil
acquisitions our focus on modularity and
simplicity has yielded huge dividends
when it comes to system integration and
testing already this year's drivetrain
has more Drive hours than all of our
previous Rovers combined and we plan to
continue testing to fine-tune
communication and autonomous
capabilities we are very confident we
will perform well at URC 2019 and we
look forward to seeing you there
[Music]
