our three competes and revised
competitions all over the world and
we're very excited to come back to you
RC for a second year after experiencing
the terrain and traction conditions in
Utah we got back to the drawing board
focusing on higher speed lower weight
and increased controllability for all
our subsystems our chassis and
drivetrain team has worked hard this
year to reduce the weight of the rover
take advantage of new manufacturing
methods and improved terrain traversal
last year's Rover proved to be
critically close to the weight limit so
this year a smaller Rover was designed
to drastically reduce the weight of
suspension components to further reduce
weight the core loads of the rover such
as the robotic arm and the batteries
have been moved to much closer to the
center of the chassis and a carbon-fiber
outer shell is being manufactured to
house the electronics in an ultra
lightweight way to improve our terrain
traversal the suspension geometry has
been modified to make obstacle clearance
easier and several prototypes of wheel
treads have been tried to greatly
increase the amount of traction the
rover has with a suspension carbon fiber
tubes have largely replaced welded
aluminum and carbon fiber embedded 3d
printing has been used to produce the
joints between them the arm team this
year is taking a new approach to design
focusing on simplicity for the least
possible weight we've built a scar style
arm instead of the traditional five or
six degree of freedom robotic arm the
scar design offers more rigidity and
less backlash it also features a z-axis
a vertical movement that helps our augur
for the science tasks for fast and
precise drilling or with over 35 pounds
of force to smaller arm segments move to
cover a horizontal flat plane just large
enough to type on a keyboard with the
use of a camera mounted inside of our
forefinger gripper this makes it simple
for drivers to navigate and interact
with unfamiliar objects this setup
simplifies programming and by applying
cartesian based inverse kinematics we
have 100% automated the on rover science
tasks as well as other simple parking
and generic movements this year the
controls team designed a highly
extensible and reliable control system
to focus on superior control experience
for all teleoperated systems we've
implemented a new control architecture
to Bentley utilize Ross control allowing
us to have a modular control system at
every level including hardware and
software Ross control allows us to
accurately simulate all the systems on
the rover in real time letting us
quickly prototype in iterate all of our
high-level control algorithms without
the cost of damaging the rover due to
the nature of the URC competition our
new Rover utilizes an hundred megahertz
for its capabilities and
non line-of-sight situations all
critical communications including
teleoperated commands and primary camera
feeds are operating in this frequency we
pair this with 2.4 gigahertz for all
auxilary camera views and non crucial
data for the autonomous tasks we use a
combination of real-time appearance base
slam and move base for autonomous path
planning our system primarily uses input
from our custom stereo cameras to do its
own path planning but also allows for
operators to do high-level planning in
general path indication in addition we
have designed redundant autonomous
systems utilizing GPS and IMU data
should the primary system fail for the
science task we developed an arm
attachment and automated console capable
housing 15 sensors that simultaneously
collect and send data back to the base
station this is a huge improvement from
last year when we only had three sensors
this year were monitoring soil for
hydrogen carbon nitrogen oxygen
phosphorus sulfur and radiation levels
additionally we're measuring electrical
conductivity redox potential dust
particle density pH temperature humidity
wind velocity pressure and altitude our
biological tests are all simultaneously
performed at the command station we have
expanded our assay to include DNA RNA
and protein extractions are novel
shotgun like molecular biology protocols
use affinity differentials to
sequentially hone into our
macromolecules of interest this way we
can use spectrophotometry to quantify
each step and calculate the UVC to 60 to
80 ratios our tests fit within the safe
10-minute mark leaving enough time for
replications for the geology task we've
developed image analysis algorithms
using open CV capable of differentiating
soil layers and soil samples under a
microscope we're confident that using
our physical chemical and biological
tests will allow us to give a strong
assessment of extraterrestrial life on
Mars we are extremely confident that we
will perform well at you our c18 our
focus on reliability and weight has
yielded a robot that is over 12 kilos
under weight with our heavier testing
frame in the coming weeks the team will
be finishing our carbon fiber shell and
our
after which we will begin a rigorous
testing plan good luck and we hope to
see you in Utah
[Music]
