hello Saddleback College robotics is
proud to present our fifth generation
Rover Helios our team is divided into
five subsystems chassis Drive arm
science and autonomy we constructed our
chassis at a welded 6063 aluminum tubing
and riveted floor pan ensuring high
strength and rigidity while maintaining
low weight to reduce chances of brownout
or communication loss our Rover is
powered by four high energy density
Lithium-ion batteries with power split
between a 48 volt battery power and
Computing electronics and three 12 volt
batteries connected in parallel powering
the drive arm and sign systems
additionally each battery is paired with
a battery management system a custom PCB
integrates both a hard and soft kill
switch which allows us to cut all power
while keeping Computing electronics
online or cut all power in case of an
emergency helios's five degree of
Freedom R mounts two heavy duty linear
actuators on a fiberglass frame making
it strong rigid and lightweight at the
bases in Azimuth turret whose
hypocyclical cage pinion and ring gear
mechanism produce high torque with zero
backlash the turret is modular and the
payload is swapped between arm and
science missions our lead screw end
effector is mounted on a series of gear
trains for precise positioning it
features textured neoprene grips to
securely grasp various objects and it
houses both a small linear actuator for
pressing buttons as well as a hex key
for tightening screws each axis of the
arm is controlled with closed loop
control for precise arm pose
this year for our drive system we have
designed a custom control arm suspension
with an adjustable pneumatic shock that
can provide sufficient dampening over
extreme terrain and even further
reinforcement and movement across all
Mission operations our control arms are
lightweight and modifiable allowing
Helios to fit within the size and weight
requirements 42 centimeter low pressure
pneumatic tires are used to increase our
ground contact patch to reinforce our
Rover with improved climbing
capabilities this is held together with
a 3D printed bearing block and a
clamshell Hub each wheel is powered by
400 watt brushless DC motors using 80 to
1 planetary gearboxes generating an
overall output torque of 210 newton
meters for our motor drivers we're using
dual motor controllers with three-phase
hall effect sensor feedback and
integrated PID Loop controls capable of
up to 120 amps of continuous current the
science team has further developed our
mission by improving sensitivity and
efficiency our science package includes
life detection via ATP chemical
luminescence analysis capable of
detecting and quantifying ATP and soil
samples even at extremely low
concentrations
samples are vacuumed into a light seal
testing chamber mounted onto the Rover
for analysis
they are filtered into cuvettes
containing a chemical solution and
luminescence is measured via a
photomultiplier tube results are
transmitted wirelessly back to the base
station the testing chamber also
contains a sealable compartment where a
sample can be stored and retrieved after
the mission with our enhanced UV
fluorescence experiment we can detect
past life and soil and rock samples
specifically from mineral signatures and
fossils we will use an original science
team developed algorithm that examines
RGB values pixel by pixel for spatial
analysis of rock samples for this year
communication with the Rover is the
chief food ubiquities Air Max rocket 2
AC prism radio and bullet AC IP67 on the
2.4 gigahertz radio band which are
optimized for non-line of sight
communication and high bandwidth data
streams the Taylor communication system
is run across a point-to-point network
connection where control commands an
analog signals from the base station
interface are sent Downstream while
Telemetry is sent Upstream through rep
ross2 notes the rost2 interface enables
the user to to control Motors cameras
and Status signal as well as monitors
process indicators and video feeds to
control the arm we are using a virtual
twin simulation of the arm which an
implementation of inverse kinematics for
positioning a due shock PS4 controller
is also utilized for Drive control
providing more freedom of movement and
enabling manual drive over Network all
autonomy modules communicate onboard the
Rover via ros2 nodes autonomous
navigation is achieved using
differential gnss to accurately
determine the rubber's location a GPS
Waypoint is then provided to guide the
Rover to a Target location we are using
the magnetometer on the navx IMU to
orient the Rover according to its
calculated travel Vector we use the z2i
stereo camera as input for vslam
additionally we are leveraging the nav2
library with inputs from vslim lidar GPS
and IMU and magnetometer for path
planning obstacle avoidance and Waypoint
mapping we are using nav2 search
algorithms for search route optimization
which includes dijkstra's a-star the
opencv aruco tag detection module will
also help us in determining the accurate
location of a ruko tags placed on
signposts throughout the field if a tag
is found the Rover will Orient itself
towards the tag and drive to a Target
distance from the tag the aruko tag
detection is pre-calibrated for distance
estimation prior to the mission if a
Gateway is created by two uruko tags the
Rover will keep track of the distance of
both arugo tags and drive between the
Gateway
[Music]
