hi my name is Margaret strong and I am
SEO robotics team lead this year we are
very excited to unveil our Rover Odin se
robotics is a multidisciplinary team
comprised of students from various
disciplines of engineering and Sciences
our team is made up of five sub teams
the mechanical team programming team
electrical team science team and
business team Odin's frame consists of a
welded aluminum chassis with an upper
roll cage to protect critical electronic
components such as the batteries and
drive controls a large central payload
Bay allows multiple experiments and
hardware packages to be mounted
simultaneously in order to stay within
the size restrictions we've constructed
a spring-loaded locking mechanism for
the antenna allowing it to fold and lock
into both the horizontal and vertical
position a rover suspension system
features a custom manufactured double
wishbone design utilizing an adjustable
pneumatic shock this allows us to modify
the ride height of the rover for various
tasks the angled suspension arms allow
the tires and wheels to get ahead of the
nose of the rover in order to clear
obstacles before they can hit the frame
Odin uses a wide wheel base occupying
the 1.2 meter limit and a low center of
mass in order to increase stability on
uneven terrain our drivetrain consists
of four DC motors utilizing a planetary
gearbox in order to produce fifty-two
foot-pounds of torque to clear smaller
obstacles as well as summits steeper
hill climbs 30 centimeter low-pressure
air tires are used in conjunction with
3d printed clamshell hub in order to
maintain ground contact our arm features
six degrees of freedom which allows it
to manipulate both large and small
objects with precision positioning and
minimal backlash the arm utilizes two
heavy-duty linear actuators capable of
withstanding intense payloads the end
effector features worm gears in order to
passively maintain positions while
holding dynamic loads we've built sub
assembly modules from laser cut acrylic
paneling to house our computer banks at
the low level we establish a
communications link with the rover via
you big green networks radio equipment
this provides us with a transparent
Ethernet bridge which allows us to use
modern Network protocols to communicate
and manage the rover at high level the
base station communicates with services
running on the rover via g RPC every
core module in the rover is exposed via
a GRC service and these services may
call them one another as appropriate for
instance the autonomy service will pull
data from the sensor service in the
computer vision service and issue
commands in autonomous mode to the
command and control service these
modules are deployed on Raspberry Pi
model fours and in the case of computer
vision it is instead deployed on an
Nvidia eg Xavier to maximize the
efficiency of our computer vision by
using GRP see the rover systems are more
modular than a monolithic API style
application and this modularity allows
it's easily redeploy individual services
different onboard computers should the
need arise such as in the instance of a
partial hardware failure both the arm
and the end-effector are implemented
with closly motion align for precision
control of the six degrees of freedom
allowed by the arm and end effector
assembly autonomy is achieved through a
combination of sensors and computer
vision the rover uses a GPS and an IMU
to establish its relative position
within the field and uses that to guide
autonomous navigation additionally a
high-resolution camera is used to scan
for and detect the error attacks that
mark the waypoints the gates and the
endpoints in the mission applying a
computer vision algorithm running on the
HDX Xavier once the error types was
detected the rover will move towards
these detected tags providing the path
is not obstructed our electrical system
is powered by two independent lithium
iron phosphate batteries one dedicated
to the drive systems and the other
dedicated to the processing and
communication systems enabling us to
isolate our core critical components for
the drive system we are using 60 amp
passively cooled speed controllers with
quadrature feedback and for the arm we
are using specialized closed-loop
controllers that have integrated PID
loops allowing for seamless integration
and low processing expense most of the
electrical subsystems are designed to be
completely modular using several
mounting panels and interconnects we
have also designed custom printed
circuit boards to assist with the
rover's science experiments
the science team will be implementing
three distinct methods of soil analysis
to determine the presence of current or
passive life two of the methods include
chemical analysis in search for ATP and
organic compounds the organic
composition of the samples will be found
via paper strip tests and the color
metric results will be analyzed through
cameras and an interest of method will
be applied to soil and locks
ampuls to determine mineral composition
grain size grain distribution and
potential fossils will be analyzed using
high magnification microscopy mineral
assay is a reliable test for its
independence of soil collection
mechanism and for its retrieval of
informative data
lastly the soil collection mechanism
involves gravity feeding of the soil
into the filtering station the rover
currently employs a prototype that will
be replaced by a linear actuator
[Music]
