[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we are members of scare abadox part of
space association of also University of
Technology and for the past year we were
hard at work developing and improving a
mass rubber series the team consists of
33 mostly undergraduate engineering
students divided into four sub teams
mechanics software and autonomy
electronics and science work is
conducted on weekly meetings and
platforms such as discard trail and geet
provide seamless collaboration on all
levels depending on state to the project
our work is summarized monthly on
progress meetings or build tests from
the beginning of the design process
simplicity low mass and robustness were
key factors this is why we used
following the construction of aluminum
frame and rockers as well as model our
PVC
electronics enclosure motors hidden
within each of the custom wheels
combined with a simple suspension of our
own design allow us to keep a low center
of mass and high clearance to easily
manage rough terrain and steep slopes
the 5 stage manipulator is capable of
reaching over 1.5 meters and lifting up
to 5 kilograms its movements are
registered by a set of encoders which
will be used in the implementation of
inverse kinematics a mock-up panel for
tests and mission simulation was created
we design tools dedicated for different
competition tasks such as turning screws
and typing on a keyboard they are
transported in a special container on
the rovers mobile platform all design
was aided by a usage of software such as
SolidWorks ANSYS workbench and MATLAB
most parts were manufactured in our
workshop equipped with basic tools and
3d printers tasks that required greater
precision or specialized tooling were
ordered in private companies the rubber
softwood consists of two main parts the
first one that we call a roller saw runs
on the on-board computer and control of
the roller
the other part provides a rover controls
interface that creates an intuitive
environment for the operators it allows
for precise movements of platform
manipulator and cameras
during various tests we developed a
cameras layout that gives the operator a
good spatial orientation over the last
year we decided to upgrade our autonomy
system and implement it using the robot
operating system as a part of its design
we prepared graphs showing the exact
structure of the rows nodes it consists
of our system uses data from encoders a
gyroscope and a GPS sensor to perform
the autonomous traversal tasks together
with a given landmark and the shortest
path search algorithm the system will
calculate the quickest route to the
destination we have also implemented
ultrasonic sensors and a stereo metric
camera to be able to avoid and maneuver
around obstacles the air packs are
detected with the help of deep neural
networks that categorize detected punch
angles as opposed to a traditional image
processing approach the electronic and
communication systems were designed with
modularity scalability and redundancy in
mind the rover is powered by leaking ion
batteries a kill switch separates all
power sources by contactors in main
power and logic circuits series is
controlled by two Nvidia Jason computers
communicating in ground station using
2.4 and 5 gigahertz of the shelf Wi-Fi
communication systems to achieve
redundancy and best possible reliability
we have tested our communication system
in the field and it's performance meets
our needs
the onboard devices are controlled by
Arduino microcontrollers and vendors in
custom circuit boards currently we are
in the process of implementing stm32
powered boats any container has been
designed for the new electronics it
consists of two modules one for the
power system and one detachable
containing all the rover logic bolts
science module includes onboard
laboratory with for liquid texts that
detect characteristic particles of
extant and extinct
life-forms the science model is fully
integrated with the rover after the
lifting of the drilling device we can
lower a sensor arm into the drilled hole
to measure temperature and moisture of
the sampling place we are able to store
and analyze up to four samples the
chemical composition of the rock samples
can be determined by the use of
diffractive optical spectra scope as we
use hazardous chemicals safety
especially the no spill policies our
biggest priority so the injection device
is very precise and hermetic
