[Music]
hello everyone my name is David de Leon
and I'm the mechanical lead for space
Technologies at UC Berkeley and here I
am uh I'm going to talk with you about
the arm that we designed uh
we began by creating a 3D model on
SolidWorks we went through various
models until we reached the desired
width and height went through multiple
changes and we ultimately decided on
laser cutting it out of a quarter inch
plywood
oh this isn't the the final design we
went this way we went this route just to
test out its functionality and see if
this design ultimately would work
[Music]
I'm the software lead over here at the
space space Technologies at Cal and I'm
here to talk about how the arm is going
to work and how the
um the entire Rover is actually going to
be functioning and moving
um so as David explained how they
created the arm we have a gripper here
which is not our final gripper but this
gripper is actually basically being
charged with a
mg996r type Servo to open and close the
gripper and we're using a Nema 23
stepper motor and it is being charged
with a
yeah is he charged with the digital
stepper driver
um to move the Rover we are using four
DC motors and
these middle ones are going to need a
free-floating wheel
and the entire thing is being charged
with a 12 volt car battery
[Music]
[Music]
hi my name is pratik jatandra and I
worked on the suspension system for Le
Rover so for this Rover we chose a
rocker bogey system which would help
throw over uh maneuver over the complex
motion surfaces
we're going to do a quick demonstration
for you right now
foreign
[Music]
