hello my name is Pawel w'iskey and i act
as an adviser to the impulse student
research club at the kilts a University
of Technology mentioned the several
years the club has been involved in
designing and building mass Rovers for
international competitions in this short
film you'll see the team working on a
new Rover hi I'm Christoph I'm the team
leader and in the current project I'm in
charge of the autonomous Traverse
attract the team has 14 members working
in five subgroups using the experience
and knowledge gathered over the last few
years we have developed a new Rover to
enter the University Rover challenge
2018 six degrees of freedom uses high
quality strain wave gary as the harmonic
drives can generate high torque the
manipulator is able to lift objects
weighing more than five kilograms the
PID based controller allows the robots
to perform high-precision operations for
example precision placement the
manipulator is controlled using the
inverse kinematic approach which ensures
fast and easy load handling or even
keyboard operation the gripper is
capable of picking up objects of various
shapes and sizes and weights as well as
precisely operating small hand tools for
the past year we have focused much of
our attention on the autonomous
navigation system we have improved the
rover position subsystem by using
readings from the drives the compass the
accelerometer and the differential GPS
systems the vehicle is able to replay
its route on the basis of the recorded
track or autonomously navigated to reach
a predetermined coordinates a failure of
a sensor for a loss a GPS signal will
not affect the reverse operations the
vision subsistence a unique solution to
determine the positions of markers on
the map so that a new route to the most
probable distance
can be created when the markers are out
of sight for instance behind an obstacle
when the rover operates autonomously it
sends a visual signal when it approaches
and detects a marker on a route it sends
a message to the base station the
operation of autonomous navigation
system is observed by analyzing
real-time telemetry data shown on the
screen for example a map of GPS
coordinates the layout of the markers
found all the route covered in system of
your visit with a special vision system
and an algorithm for detecting objects
for example tennis there over is able to
follow a route indicated by such markers
the full HD cameras attached to their
over provide information on the textures
of shapes and colors all objects
recorded even very simple in size this
makes it easy to differentiate between
similar objects in the set and recognize
the right moment reading instructions
from a display or a small sign will not
be a problem either the rover is
equipped with special containers for
carrying multiple items at a time I
think 300 millimeter diameter wheels
talkin over 200 Newton meters applied to
their Obachan easily with standard till
245 degrees
suspension at a low center of gravity it
is able to climb over one meter high
vertical high
I'm confident my role is to carry out
tests to find if there is has been life
in soil sample the rover will collect
samples and conduct in situ tests
autonomous the sterile conditions to
provide information logical chemical and
organic properties of the soul it will
then be possible to determine the
environment in which the cells
during an apk test the levels of
nitrogen phosphorus and potassium will
be measured to specify the school ganic
compounds or microorganisms all
experiments carried out will be observed
through a high resolution the soil
temperature and moisture will be
measured in a core drill hole using
special senses filled laboratories will
perform the same experiments to verify
the results obtained by the rover Eureka
as you can slow educator over wears to
constantly develop improvement tests and
this takes time and a hard work now that
the robot is almost ready all we know is
a little luck
[Music]
you
