[Music]
hi I'm Pablo w'iskey and my role is to
advise the Impuls student team from the
kilts a University of Technology for
several years our students have been
involved in the design and construction
of mass rubbers to participate in
international competitions here's a
video about their current project hello
my name is Camille I am the leader of
impulse we are a team of 15 split into
five groups each responsible for
different aspects of the project we've
used our knowledge and experience from
the last three URC competitions to
create a new version of our Mars rover
that meets the requirements set for this
year's event during the science mission
there over will analyze soil and rock
samples to determine the presence or
absence of life at the site samples will
be collected autonomously and then
tested lumina metrically by measuring
their bioluminescence bioluminescence is
the ability of living organisms to emit
light as this approach involves using
ATP bioluminescence swabs and enemy
tester it is safe with no risk of a
chemical spill the onboard analysis
system is designated not only to collect
samples but also operate the nume tester
the system is equipped with sensors to
measure the atmospheric pressure the
levels of methane carbon monoxide and UV
radiation at the site's absolute
elevation all the tasks performed by the
rover will be observed in real time
through a high-resolution camera with
high magnification zoom lens our Rover
is able to traverse a variety of
challenging terrain including loose
rocks and boulders a sand surface is no
problem either and it's all thanks to
the high clearance and flexible
suspension on 300 millimeter wheels each
receiving a maximum torque of over 200
Newton metres with a low center of
gravity there over can cope with slopes
tilting up to about 50 degrees
The Full HD cameras help the operator
notice differences in color and pattern
between similar objects even small in
size messages from the judges detected
in Sato / easy-to-read there / uses a
GPS based system to accurately reach a
designated point in the extreme
retrieval and delivery mission we'll use
a specially developed application to
visualize the rover's route on the
computer screen the high-precision
manipulator will be crucial in the
equipment servicing mission equipped
with PID controllers it can easily
perform precise tasks such as activating
switches or driving screws this six
degree of freedom manipulator with
strain wave gears offering high torque
is able to lift up to five kilos the
manipulator control system uses inverse
kinematic algorithms for quick and easy
manipulation of objects
keyboard operation is not a problem
either there's a special grip able to
handle heavy loads with different shapes
and precisely operate small simple tools
such as a wrench or a screwdriver we've
used analogue cameras turn short no
delay transmission
for this year's competition we've
developed a new autonomous navigation
system with two subsystems one
responsible for vision the other for
positioning the positioning system uses
readings from the drives of the compass
the accelerometer and the differential
GPS we've developed an application with
ready to use maps to plan routes based
on GPS coordinates the data sent to the
robot so that it can follow it and reach
the designated coordinates with high
precision the vision system is equipped
with three full HD cameras and then
nvidia embedded computing port where
we've implemented an attack detection
and recognition algorithm to determine
the rover's precise position and
orientation relative to a physical
marker this information is used to plan
the robots route to or between
designated points the autonomous control
system also employs a simple algorithm
for reading obstacles there overs
autonomous traversal is monitored by the
operator using real-time telemetry
theta visualized on the screen the data
displayed an included map with GPS
coordinates the markers found and the
the rover's onboard systems would
produce visual signals and transmit
messages to provide information about
autonomous application or task
completion
[Music]
you
