hello my name is Pavel w'iskey and my
role is to advise the impulse student
research club our students have long
been involved in the design and
construction of Mars rovers our current
project is a rover for the Mars
society's 2019 University Rover
challenge hello my name is Dasha and I'm
the leader of the impulse team there are
12 of us working on this project we are
divided into five sub teams each
responsible for a different aspect of
the rover
we've put every effort into making it as
perfect as possible the key element of
our robot is the six degree of freedom
manipulator equipped with high quality
strain wave gearing and PID controllers
it is able to lift more than five
kilograms and perform high-precision
operations such as precision placement
button pressing lever moving or knob
turning the control system uses inverse
kinematic algorithms for more advanced
tasks including quick and easy
manipulation of objects and even
keyboard operation the gripper is
designed to pick and place heavy loads
as well as precisely operate small tools
such as screwdriver with 300 millimeter
diameter wheels and a torque of over 200
Newton metres applied to each of them
the rover is able to move through
challenging terrain including sandy and
stony areas it has a flexible suspension
and low center of gravity which allow it
to easily go up and down steep slopes
with a tilt of up to 60 degrees and
climb down one meter high vertical drops
the rover is equipped with full HD
cameras that provide information on the
textures shapes and colors of all
objects encounter it even very small in
size the rover is able to differentiate
between
similar objects in a set and recognize
the right one it can read small signs as
well as commands from the display in the
science desk there over will test
samples of the surface soil and rocks to
find out if there is or has been live at
the site all the tests performed in situ
will be recorded using a high-resolution
camera providing high magnification
images the rover will measure the
temperature and moisture of the ambient
soil and earth the atmospheric pressure
the amounts of methane and carbon
monoxide the level of UV radiation and
the relative elevation of the site a
weather station placed on the rover will
also help to determinate the direction
and speed of wind
sample collection will be done
autonomously and their sterile
conditions the in situ tests will
provide information on the chemical
properties and organic content of the
soil to determine the environment in
which the sediments formed from the
levels of nitrogen phosphorus and
potassium it will be possible to specify
the organic compounds and microorganisms
likely to be found on the site the rover
will also determine the amount of
calcium carbonate and proteins one of
the rover upgrades is a spectrometer for
detecting the presence of chlorophyll
over the last year we have improved the
Rovers autonomous navigation system the
system is divided into three subsystems
positioning vision and routing the
positioning system is very precise with
errors not exceeding several centimeters
the vehicle uses readings from the
drives the compass the accelerometer and
the differential GPS system it is able
to replay its latest route by analyzing
the recorded features in order to reach
the predetermine height coordinates the
vision subsystem with full HD cameras is
able to recognize route markers in the
form of tennis ball on the basis of
their characteristic color and round
we've also implemented an algorithm for
determining the position of markers on
the map so that a new route to the most
probable destination can be created when
the markers are out of sight their overs
on board systems are able to produce
visual signals and transmit messages to
provide information about the autonomous
mode or task competition real-time
telemetric data such as a map with GPS
coordinates the layout of markers found
or their routes covered will be
visualized on the screen
[Music]
[Music]
you
