[Music]
hi we are asking a robotics from Warsaw
University of Technology this is system
acceptance review for University Rover
challenge 2018 our team consists of 30
students and majority of them are
undergraduates we divide ourselves into
five sub teams each one has several
students and one leader who coordinates
teams work teams have their own
responsibilities which are discussed
during workshops every week in a result
who got shipped great flow in
communication and understanding between
particular subsystems our major
assumptions for mobile platform were
small weight and quite small size we
wanted to build it on a square plant
which is going to ensure stability and
much space for manipulator now we are on
the right lines to achieve all of these
currently construction weights about 40
kilograms and main dimensions are
similar to counterweight the manipulator
we designed an aluminum tail which is
going to hold a video camera and enable
operator to see more around the rover as
faithful electronics is a box made of
very light artificial materials and
wheels are smaller than in our previous
construction in order to design a
robotic car we needed to consider many
requirements like loads movement
precision and environment of work under
fire requirements was a simply position
control for this we use a few observed
encoders for our robotic arms we chose
two electric motors which gives for
greater load capacity and two linear
actuators for greater movement precision
some of the elements of our design are
made by additive manufacturing
it helped us to create parts with
complicated geometry before we built
final robotica we have run many fel
simulations to optimize the design for
enough mechanical strength and for
minimal mass we also built a simply
would order to attract arms kinematic we
are sure that our robotic arm will be
able to complete all tasks during USC
competition the brain of our Rover is
main computer raspberry pi it's
responsible for communication of motors
sensors stream from cameras and many
other tasks we also have an additional
high-power computer Nvidia deadzone to
process image data during autonomous
tasks many of our devices like motor
drivers and sensors were tailored to our
needs
they are modular which allows us to
quickly replace them depending on the
task or in case of malfunction
everything is powered by two groups of
lithium-ion battery packs separately for
computers or sensors
and promoters to communicate between
grant station and Rover we used to
industrial access point per rating on
2.4 gigahertz frequency band software in
the rubber is written in C++ we have Qt
framework main console is responsible
for rocker management and stirring block
strong important information about the
rocker in autonomy we use GPS
coordinates software which determines
Jesus using stereo vision and algorithm
which tracks poles using particle filter
in a navigation app we can monitor
Roberts position and optimize its path
our head-up display lets us truck
sensors readings and video stream
advanced special application for science
task monitors drill position video
stream is easily controlled with the
main console
during sample extraction the drilling
system is being clobbered at a steady
pace drilling into the soil up to a
depth of 25 centimeters 3d printed
container can store two separate samples
and is operated by servomechanism
letting us open it after the drill
reaches the depth of 10 centimeters
after collection the platform is lifted
up to its original position and the arm
and that with temperature and soil
moisture sensors is lowered the whole
part is then lowered again so that the
sensors can enter the hole and path and
perform subsurface measurements next the
soil sample taken by the drilling system
is being dissolved in water then it is
transferred to the test tubes after
adding the indicators a color reaction
takes place which indicates the pH value
and presence of the studied elements
phosphorus nitrogen and carbon which can
be detected by human eye
[Music]
