we are the sooner Rover team an
interdisciplinary team of Engineers and
scientists from the University of
Oklahoma focused on training Outreach
and Innovative design and we are excited
to present Remy this year's Rover the
Rover communicates with mission control
over a 2.4 gigahertz antenna capable of
transmitting over a kilometer through
obstructions an Nvidia Jetson Powers a
flexible video streaming program that
allows the operator to quickly
reconfigure the display for the current
Mission custom control programs allow an
operator to rapidly switch modes of
operation on the Rover a microcontroller
in the e-box receives UDP packets and
then writes pwm to each wheel for speed
control each wheel contains an
independent power system to provide
sufficient charge for each mission in
the fine manipulation Mission the
operator must perform precise movements
using cameras and control UI to complete
each task necessitating minimal latency
in order to achieve this the arm uses
multiple microcontrollers to split
computation it receives Control Data
through UDP packets from mission control
and then converts it to can to
communicate data throughout the arm
while mitigating high frequency noise
inverse kinematics allow the user to
manipulate multiple motors
simultaneously while PID is used to
ensure the arm functions as the user
commands when load is applied the
combined use of these algorithms
provides a very intuitive and responsive
control scheme making fine manipulation
much easier than previous years this
year we focused on improving reliability
and precision from the base up the arm
rests on a widened base platform and is
driven via sprocket this allows for
greater stability to improve operator
control while still delivering the
necessary power to rotate the arm and
any payload a series of two linear
actuators provides reach and strength to
move the bicep and forearm members
an updated pitch Drive utilizes chain to
move the wrist up and down in small
increments the pitch motion is also used
to interact with switches
finally the wrist is made up of several
sub-assemblies the 360 degree drive and
reinforced slippering assembly allows
the Rover to rotate continuously without
damaging wires to assist in tasks such
as turning the Allen key and positioning
the claw pinches with opposing acne
screws that hold objects along the
central axis spanning over 14
centimeters the claw can easily grasp
tools handles and ropes
forever payloads that require less
Precision hooks mounted on the forearm
allow the Rover to lift and carry any
object with a handle Remy's unique
marzocard design allows it to navigate
difficult terrain with ease each axle of
the chassis is able to rotate
independently enabling Remy to Traverse
obstacle courses smoothly by maintaining
constant contact with the ground the
large conical Wheels allow for
self-contained Electronics while the
fins allow the Rover to climb over large
obstacles the chassis low center of
gravity enables Remy to safely Ascend
and descend steep inclines the wheel
fins and grousers add traction to assist
in navigating various inclines and
combined with the strength of Remy's arm
effector we are able to tow a rope under
a variety of circumstances the science
package intestine methods have been
redesigned to meet the requirements of
this year's Mission a forward mounted
camera array allows the operator to view
the side and samples the care sale has
been redesigned to hold the new sample
containers that can be utilized for both
chemical and microscopic analyzes
regolith is collected through the vacuum
system and deposited into the sample
containers on a rotating care cell
a USB microscope has been installed and
calibrated for maximum Effectiveness in
analyzing regolith or soil samples for
the presence or absence of extant life
a linear actuator allows the operator to
adjust the focal distance of the camera
for maximum focus on the samples using
gnss the Rover is capable of calculating
its distance and bearing to a given set
of latitude and longitude coordinates
using a PID algorithm the Rover adjusts
its path along the way to the
destination when within three meters of
the coordinates the river flushes its
LEDs green to detect a rook attacks Rumi
utilizes a 150 degree field of view
huddly go camera using a combination of
the opencv aruco library and a custom
instance of the YOLO detection model
trained with a dark net for aruku
markers Remy can gauge the distance and
angle to any Roku tag within a frame
while on track to a set of coordinates
Remy will actively search for ruko
markers when a marker is detected Remy
will align itself with the sensor of the
tag while on track to a destination the
Rover uses a PID algorithm to adjust its
heading with the center of the marker
from this perspective one can see how
Remy is capable of traversing through
gate posts by finding both markers and
then calculating the point between them
Remy can ascertain its distance and
heading to that point then Traverse
through the gate Remy is The Sooner
Rover team's fastest strongest and most
capable Rover yet and we can't wait for
the University Rover challenge 2023
