[Music]
hi we are the sooner rover team and we
have spent the past three years
designing building and optimizing our
Mars rover designed and sand we have a
team of over 45 people across several
different majors working hard to win the
2019 University of Louisville challenge
but beyond machining we have a strong
focus on outreach the pseudo Rover team
strives to teach people all agents about
the importance of exploring Mars and
about the University Rover challenge
[Music]
we have tested every part this program
first at the component level then as a
subsystem made up of components and then
finally as a whole system before moving
on to integration testing on the rover
as a whole currently we're on the
integration phase testing
[Music]
in Mission Control the driver controls a
gimbal and video feed while
simultaneously being shown GPS
coordinates for navigation
we are currently practicing controlling
the rover without line of sight between
the rover driver and the rover
[Music]
the rover can be controlled over 220
meters away with obstacles between the
mission control antenna and the road as
shown the rover will use its one
centimeter accurate differential GPS to
navigate simply to a set GPS coordinates
are unique Mars akkad design is faster
than the traditional rocker-bogie setup
while still being able to traverse
obstacles on the same order as the
wheels or larger its low center of
gravity allows it to climb extreme
slopes without losing stability
this year we have given control of each
individual wheel to the driver to allow
recovery from the most difficult mishaps
our hybrid conical wheels are highly
effective on booster and smooth surfaces
as seen here in our max slope test our
new belt driven arm has lower center of
gravity and uses a hook to lift heavy
objects of weight 5 kilograms or more by
using a hook our claw can be designed
for much more precise delicate
operations
[Music]
our new in defector uses a multiple slip
ring design that allows for continuous
rotation empowers the grasping motors in
our current phase we are machining each
member to strengthen each member and
reduce the overall weight our science
team has developed a test that uses
hydrogen peroxide to determine the
presence of either extinct or extant
life nodes as seen here with a sterile
Mars desert Research Station simulant
has no effect while a life containing
sample releases large amounts of carbon
dioxide this gives both a visual and
sensor indication of life we will be
using a vacuum with a cyclonic separator
to gather the soil sample into a test
tube already contained into the actives
following planetary contamination
processes although we will also look for
visual signs of life with our 4k high
resolution camera
thank you and we look forward to seeing
you
[Music]
