we are the Sooner river team we are a
team of over 30 engineers and scientist
who are committed to designing building
and testing a rover of the highest
caliber as the University of Oklahoma
showcase team we share our work and our
mission with hundreds of prospective
engineers each year as we push them to
pursue stem
the mirrored arm system lets the user
easily make complex motions with high
precision it was designed to make fine
manipulation faster and more responsive
in real time
obstacle rotary encoders have extremely
high resolution meaning the rover arm
has very accurate tracking
the arm as an independent module from
the rest of the rover which makes it
very easy to swap out for the science
package or autonomous sensors
using conductive slip rings the clock
can rotate continuously around its axle
which is great for turning knobs and
screws
you
position sensors on each joint give the
arms positioning high repeatability an
algorithm monitors the speed and
position each joint is moving at to move
consistently and not overshoot his
target here we are able to type sir Oh
you
the end-effector is able to tightly grip
tools and the system is precise enough
to pinpoint small targets we are
effectively able to switch between hex
keys screwdrivers and other kinds of
tools quickly
you
the belt-driven joints of the arm make
it more powerful and allow for fly
manipulation creating an ideal balance
of strength and accuracy the arm is very
durable thanks to the CNC aluminum
construction and belt drive under a lot
of force the belt will slip before the
gears in the motor break the large
motors maker arm capable of lifting over
five kilograms with his rear hooks
the science package consists of a drill
vacuum and carousel used to collect
regular samples the drill agitates the
regolith so it can be vacuumed up by the
cyclonic separator the regolith is
deposited in one of four pre-loaded test
tubes containing hydrogen peroxide and
tested for organics by monitoring the
reaction
no reaction between the sample and
peroxide indicates no organics while
organics are indicated by an
effervescent reaction between each
sample site the vacuum system is purged
and the carousel rotates to the next
tube
you
here the rover is driving to a set of
GPS coordinates that we gave it fully
autonomously the rover is driving using
MPI D algorithm to steer using the
desired heading as a set point in the
current heading from the onboard GPS as
the process variable and this algorithm
as the rover is driving towards GPS
coordinates is looking for the air
tagged ads at the end of the lake using
a variety of different filters so I can
see the air tagged in any lighting
without calibration once it sees the air
tagged the river switches from driving
to the GPS coordinates to track the air
tag and using the same PID algorithm but
using the air tags heading as a new set
point once it is driven within three
metres of the air tag the river stops
and the LEDs turned green while the
referee stopped emission controls enters
a new list of GPS coordinates for the
rover to drive to and once it is given
the signal the river turns LEDs red and
continues on its way
the Mars akkad design allows our Rover
to maintain balance and control
throughout the extreme traversal tasks
the 12-inch diameter wheels provide a
low center of gravity with a chassis
that prevents high centering of the
rover while rubber grousers give that a
Sarah traction for the rubber to drive
over steep inclines of both rock and
soft dirt as you can see here the rover
can drive over a field of concrete and
rebar without failure in other testing
scenarios the rover is able to traverse
inclines of up to 45 degrees here at the
scenario routine we've put in a lot of
hard work and made a lot of great
improvements to our design thank you for
viewing our submission to the University
Rover challenge
