we are the sooner river team we are made
up of 20 students from a variety of
disciplines at the university of
oklahoma we are excited to show you our
best rover yet
the rover communicates with mission
control over a 2.4 gigahertz antenna
capable of transmitting over a kilometer
through obstructions using custom video
streaming and control programs the
operator can finally control the rover
without any line of sight all missions
in this video except for autonomous were
completed without looking at the rover
here the rover types out sorrow using an
allen wrench that it previously picked
up off the ground
for the fine manipulation tasks the
sooner rover arm utilizes a wrist
capable of pitch and roll via two
radially mounted motors and grasping
tools through serpos this allows for the
fine adjustments required for tasks such
as typing and flipping switches
the entire arm is mounted on a belt
driven rotating base that allows for 360
degree reach and repositioning without
driving the rover
each wheel contains its own embed
microcontroller and other protective
circuits for the wheel motor each embed
is connected to a can transceiver that
allows us to send and receive messages
to a singular embed and electronics box
this approach allows us to mitigate
noise from the motors much more
effectively than previous year's designs
our unique marzicod design lowers the
center of gravity of the rover as the
conical volume allows each wheel to
house its own motors and electronics
fins on each conical wheel add traction
and grip on steep surfaces
each axle can rotate independently
meaning that the rover can easily scale
large obstacles and difficult terrain
without high centering
the independent axle rotation also
allows each wheel to maintain nearly
constant contact with the ground
this coupled with the large wheels
enables faster traversal speed than
traditional rocker bogey designs
a linear actuator provides extension
forward and up and combined with hooks
mounted on the forearm provides the bulk
of the arm strength and lifting power as
required for aspects of extreme
traversal
the mix of strength of the hooks and
minute articulation at the wrist allows
one arm to complete a variety of urc
missions
the science package consists of a drill
and vacuum system with the samples
loosened from soil or regolith via drill
and placed via vacuum in tubes preloaded
with hydrogen peroxide
to test for the presence of organics a
positive test is indicated by
effervescence of the suspension of
liquid sample
sample 1 was obtained from a mole heal
and was positive for organics as is seen
in the image on the lower left
sample 2 was obtained from yard
sediments where insects were observed
and was also positive as seen in the
lower left image
a sample of beach sand was observed to
be negative for organics
rock samples were analyzed via camera
samples on the right indicated no life
as seen in sandstone
and mudstone
samples on the left indicated extinct
life
including petrified wood and fossils
including trilobites and stromatolites
we start the autonomous mission by
sending the rover a list of latitude and
longitudinal coordinates that lead to
the desire location for the river to
drive along it uses gnss to calculate
its current heading and distance from
each gps coordinate
pid is used to control the wheel speeds
to ensure that it's driving with the
correct heading for the first three legs
once the rivet determines is within
three meters of the final set of given
coordinates for that leg it stops and
turns its led's green we then give it
another list of coordinates ellie to the
next set point and restart the process
for legs four through six while the
driver is driving through the set of gps
coordinates it is looking for an ar tag
using arukko in the yellow object
detection algorithm if he sees an ar tag
the rover stops aligns itself with the
center of the tag and then tracks it
down using pid until it detects as
within 3 meters of it
our cameras can see tags from up to 12
meters away to ensure that we can find
tags that are 20 meters away from the
given gps coordinates we give the river
several set of coordinates around the
given set point so i can drive along
them while looking for the tag
this creates an effective search
algorithm that can find ar attacks from
any distance away
for the final leg the rover looks for
two ar tags and once it sees them aligns
itself to their center and determines
how far away they are the river then
drives the calculated distance plus an
additional three meters to score here
the river completed the full autonomous
course thank you we are excited to
compete at the 2022 urc
