the Sooner rover team has submitted an
application into the 2018 University
Rover challenge to compete for our
second year in a row seeing an exciting
team growth this year the rover team has
had on average 25 to 30 students
actively involved across all subsystems
the team this year represents over 10
majors including most engineering and
several science disciplines since August
2017 the team has been evaluating last
year's design developing solutions
prototyping and testing we are pleased
with our progress thus far and feel
several problem points from last year
have already been addressed an overall
design focus for the team this year was
put in place to combat a reoccurring
issue we fell into last year the
serviceability of subsystems with a much
lower percentage of welds the entire
2018 Rover will be much easier to
perform maintenance and repairs on
preventing the team from permanently
losing any necessary subsystems this
year the rover was designed with a 30%
reduction in size from the 2017 Rover
the larger size of last year's Rover
increased the weight along with creating
some difficulties turning while not
providing much increase in driving
performance the 30% smaller 2018 Rover
is still larger than the original 2016
sooner Rover which itself still had
great maneuverability over fairly large
obstacles the frame of the rover is also
getting a reduction in the joint angles
along with implementing a brake system
these two efforts combined should reduce
the motion where the middle wheels
lifted off of the ground and caused a
folding of the rover at the middle joint
the wheel design has also changed quite
a bit this year
along with just a smaller overall wheel
the primary contact portion of the wheel
has been reduced even more to allow
easier skid steering and a new rubber
grouser design is being utilized this
year to increase traction simplicity was
priority when designing the manipulation
package this year we opted for linear
actuators in our design for stability
rather than a change of an arm like last
year
the range of motion restrictions that
the linear actuators resultant will be
combated with the natural mobility of
the rover being able to position the arm
and the orientation it needs to be along
with the two degrees of rotation that
the bevel gear wrist joint will provide
the simple u-shaped claw design also
allows the fine manipulation needed to
grip handles flip switches and press
buttons while maintaining our design
focus of serviceability and simplicity
the computer science team has had a
great advantage this year though we
didn't have last year and that's a rover
to test communications and other
software functions early on while
waiting on the new Rover to be complete
[Music]
using last year's Rover as a test
platform for computer science we have
already been able to showcase successful
untethered communication tennis ball
tracking calibration of the six wheeled
body with the control system and
autonomous traversal is in development
now with a platform that is readily
accessible to test with
[Music]
the science package has seen good
progress so far the drill and vacuum
mechanism has been constructed and
tested both independently and mounted on
a driving River both resulting in
successful sample collections at the
time of this video the soil moisture and
temperature sensors are being added and
tested once the required functions of
the science package are complete and
refined a gas sensor ring will be added
to provide Mission Control with
additional readings to further inform
the science analysis team the Sooner
Rover team has enjoyed participating in
the University Rover challenge so far
and eagerly hopes for the chance to
compete again this summer
