[Music]
space Concordia's robotics division is a
multidisciplinary group of students from
Concordia University in Montreal Canada
[Music]
we are excited to unveil our newest
Rover Astro
[Music]
the team used a wide variety of process
to manufacture the role conventional
mills and lathes were used for most
custom parts
CNC machines were used for more
complicated geometries finally laser
cutting was used for the plates the
suspension is composed of three rotating
bogies this removes the need of a
differential and is proven to be more
effective than other variants
[Music]
the wheel has been designed to allow the
mortar to be enclosed within for
protection
it contains polyurethane Beach tires due
to their performance in sandy terrain
the aerospace robotics laboratory and
Concordia University has proven to be an
invaluable resource in testing the
wheels traction capabilities the arm has
five degrees of freedom and is made with
aluminum plates for ease of
manufacturing and assembly
[Music]
it features warm gears to retain its
position of not driven and timing belts
are also used to reduce torque
requirements the gripper has 360-degree
rolling motion many different gripper
geometries have been tested and the
two-finger parallel mechanism was chosen
stepper motors are used for accuracy
while servo motors are favorite for the
gripper to reduce weight
the battery consists of 56 lithium-ion
cells it should be powered to all
onboard components the power
distribution system allows of tracking
of currents and temperature values a
battery management system monitors
voltage values within the battery pack
all electronics are within an enclosure
that allows for easy sliding of
components into place it has integrated
dust and sand protection as well as
temperature regulation
RF communications use a digital radio
module with MIMO functionality on the
900 megahertz band paired with a
high-performance dual polarity yagi
antenna and two perpendicularly
positioned Omni antennas on the roll the
current setup facilitates
high-definition video feed and the
exchange of other feedback information
and control instruction
[Music]
ground controls allow the operator to
view information such as rover pan and
tilt GPS camera feed as well as other
health and performance stats of onboard
systems
[Music]
the rover is controlled either on a web
interface or with the physical
controller
[Music]
on board motor controls are closed-loop
and programmed on teensy 3.6 command and
encoder data are transferred between the
rover and base station over the Ross
Network for the autonomous traversal
task Collider allows for mapping of up
to 25 meters of the terrain
moreover OpenCV is used for tennis ball
detection
[Music]
the rover analyzed for two distinct
biomarkers nitrates and lipids for
nitrate Ocasio solution acts as
extraction solvent and grease reagent is
indicated for nitrate a kcl solution
acts as extraction solvent and grease
reagent is indicator
an auger in a parse cam mechanism drills
in places soil in two separate test
tubes the drill allows for storage of up
to 12 soil samples and moves their
locations with a limit switch in motor
combination once in the test tube a
custom-made spectrophotometer will
identify the presence of selected
biomarkers in the soil
[Music]
you
[Music]
