my name is Mackenzie Hart and I'm the
project manager of spear spear has
existed now for two years we spent the
first few months optimizing a team
organization that was best for designing
and building a competitive Rover for the
you RC Spears flip and is design and
administration teams administration
organizes our academic outreach programs
financials events website and social
media accounts the design team is
organized into mixed discipline teams
that each work on a subsystem of the
roller Spears been able to learn this
board works community through
sponsorships grants and funds we
currently have more funding than
necessary to finish building or over go
through rigorous testing and be
successful at competition we followed a
modern design process where we spent the
majority of our time ensuring our
designs were well-thought-out
with many internal critical design
reviews each were assessed by our
academic advisor each system and part of
our rumor has been designed to perform
every task in the URC of the reasonable
factor of safety in preparation for the
competition we're working with the U of
A to use spaces on campus to test our
Rover systems to the maximum potential
we have accurate Martian soil for our
probes and drill testing accurate
Martian environment to test extreme
driving capabilities a lab with rigs
test each of our mechanical systems
durability and different objects to test
our arm and hands capabilities one of
the major design decisions that we made
with regards to the arm was the decision
to use five rotational actuators for
stepper motors and one brushed in order
to provide us with more flexibility to
move the arm another element that we
introduced into the design was a hanging
hook located partway between the elbow
and the wrist which allows the arm to
minimize the orthogonal distance between
itself and a heavy load such as in the
extreme retrieval tasks at the wrist
there is an attachment that allows a
hand or an auger to be switched using a
chuck this allows the arm to accomplish
both the soil extraction and equipment
servicing tasks with minimal work
required to switch between the two modes
our big focus so far has been the
suspension system specifically the
differential bar we are in the process
of testing its range of motion and its
capabilities in helping the drive system
overcome a variety of different terrain
the rocker-bogie system is comprised of
two links on either side of the chassis
which acts as the legs of tars where the
bogie link connects to the rocker link
in such a way that the connection is a
pivot for the two front legs and the top
of the rocker link acts as a pivot for
the rocker bovi assembly so we looked at
lots of different designs for the
differential and ended up coming up with
a simplified design for the rocker
police to be able to be linked together
to have we're trying to make the chassis
as simple and light as possible a while
confirming to the rocker-bogie systems
requirement of having the centre of mass
at least 20 centimeters from the front
of the roar we're getting that done by
using tea started aluminum themes
they're lightweight as well as
inexpensive and really easy to
disassemble and reassemble so that makes
it early design is super easy we are
designing the bearing mount on the
chassis to extend at least 2,000 newtons
pretty confident that it should be able
to stand
almost all the terrain traversal tasks
of course we're gonna confirm that
through casting so the biggest part that
I wrote about in the SAR is that
software is on board every part of the
rover so this includes on board the arm
on going to drive subsystems on the
communication from our home base to the
rover as well as the autonomous and
science subsystem so this is a lot of
software in a lot of different parts so
essentially what we did is I are all of
our software team we've worked
flexibility throughout the team we use
the Ross meta operating system as well
as C++ and Python for all of our code
and all this code kind of works together
very well and is able to control all the
operations of our Rover we identified
the six major elements that are for the
most part required for life and that is
oxygen hydrogen
nitrogen phosphate sulfur an organic
carbon our bench tests are focused on
locating these six elements so we're
doing soil tests to look for nitrogen
phosphorus pH and potassium we're going
to locator our sample site by using
temperature and moisture sensor a UV
sensor and an IR camera by doing this we
can find anomalies in the ground in
order to figure out where bacteria is
most likely to collect and taking a
sample based on that we have a great
group of people that are passionate
about this project which is why we have
been so successful for being a student
group that just got started a year ago
[Music]
