we are a space exploration Alberta
robotics and we are proud to present our
rover case to the URC we are based out
of the University of Alberta and our
group is composed of 40 students across
many disciplines divided into five sub
teams controls autonomy mechanical
science and administration this past
August we have the opportunity to
compete against and learn from a strong
field of international Rover teams at
the Canadian International Rover
challenge this experience in addition to
significant testing efforts allowed us
to identify a number of weaknesses in
our robotic platform building off of
this knowledge the Spear team has been
working hard over the past year to
strengthen all of the rover's subsystems
in preparation for USC 2024 the controls
team our main focus was improving
electronic system maintainability and
repair ability we adopted a new tray
design for each system in the rover with
few connections between the trays and
making them easy to remove and service
the system was simplified reducing the
different types of boards and making
replacements much easier as well we're
now using gbos a real-time operating
system to control the firmware ensuring
more consistent timing and interfacing
this year the autonomy team has focused
on improving the autonomous navigation
of the rover as well as the control and
diagnostic interfaces at the base
station during autonomous and manual
operation case is localized by fusing
visual odometry to sensor inputs from
wheel encoders and IMU and a GPS sensor
rover Diagnostics are sent back to the
base station where they can be monitored
in real-time during autonomous traversal
we detect obstacles using art time maps
point cloud obstacle segmentation and
use the Ross navigation staff to avoid
them we mirror the state machine
controlling the rover back to the base
station which gives us feedback about
cases actions while being robust against
network connection issues with its four
independently controllable motorized
wheels cases drive system is able to
make extremely tight skid steer terms
allowing for great mobility and agility
this is
pension system includes both inflated
rubber tires and mountain bike shocks
for two levels of shock absorbers to
allow the rover maximum stability over
rough terrain and the ability to climb
over large debris our arm features five
degrees of freedom including a unique
differential system that controls the
wrist as well as a linear actuator that
allows the arm to carry heavy loads our
custom hand was designed to easily grab
and lock around objects up to 5
centimeters in diameter as well as to
hold and operate hand tools such as
screwdrivers the hand was 3d printed
using both rigid and flexible materials
which allow it to securely grasp objects
we wanted our designed to be as
adaptable as possible the t groove
aluminum frame allows us to readjust the
positions of components including the
legs antenna and soil system to ensure
the robot can complete tasks as
efficiently as possible the soil system
consists of three scooping mechanisms
which allow for sufficient soil to be
deposited on the rover in independent
containment units avoiding cross
contamination the samples are dropped
into a mixing device to optimize the
accuracy of the onboard experiments
results the science team is developing
experiments that will give us immediate
results on the presence of life on the
terrain for qualitative data we will
have a camera on the outside of the
rover to differentiate between areas of
so to test and to identify biological
activities such as soil camping and
desert varnish alongside the extraction
of a core sample will allow for the
identification of fossil segments a
probe will be attached to the arm to
test for conductivity salinity and pH
that can be used to assess habitat
quality of the soil on the rover we will
have a wide variety of tests including
definitely mean for DNA presence
ninhydrin for nitrates
Lugo's for saccharides bio-rad for
proteins and effervescence for calcite
shelled marine organisms we are also in
the process of building a surface
enhanced Raman spectrum
for more quantitative data case builds
upon our experience over the past two
years of competing and is more prepared
than ever to tackle the challenges
presented by the URC from the improved
drive system increased electronics
modularity and simplicity and enhanced
communication capabilities this design
is a huge step forwards for our team at
competition it will be able to handle
the rough terrain manipulate controls
use tools and detect signs of potential
life all contained within our rugged
design Speer has taken significant
strides over the past year we are ready
to take on the University Rover
challenge
[Music]
