Stanford University student robotics is
proud to present our 2019 Mars rover
we've been working hard to improve on
lessons learned from our first
competition and we're excited to show
your progress our team composed of half
freshman and half upperclassmen as
subdivided by subsystem drive arm and
science which allows for tighter
integration between the mechanical
electrical and software designs this
year's drive bass uses a six wheel
rocker suspension design for handling
the extreme competition terrain during
last year's competition our Rover
flipped during the first task to fix
this we experimented with several
designs and settled on this wheelbase
and rocket geometry which are optimized
to have a virtual point of rotation
below the ground and a low center of
mass powerful readily available hub
motors allow us to climb steep slopes
and over obstacles nylon chains provide
traction on slippery terrain and
inflated wheels absorb the shock of
drops the chassis is made of aluminum
extrusion bolted together with custom
water jet brackets the easily source
materials make parts quick to
manufacture and replace for the
equipment servicing tasks our River uses
six degree of freedom Skara arm the
scarer design allows us to move in plane
with finer control and less strain on
our motors our robot is fully operable
using a single gamepad meaning even a
solo operator can practice driving the
robot given predominantly vertical loads
we increase strength on the z axis while
keeping the overall weight of the arm
down our end effector uses a lead screw
for a strong non back drivable grip the
fingers will be swappable for soil
sampling tearing heavy objects and fine
manipulation last year we struggled with
slop and inaccuracy in our arm joints to
fix this we constructed our joints by
clamping thrust bearings with the
shoulder bolts allowing for extremely
low play for intuitive control the arm
uses a custom inverse kinematics model
that precisely controls the end effector
position and gracefully handle
singularities we also have many
adjustable camera views low-latency
camera
provide fluid responsive feedback in a
high-res pan tilt zoom camera allows
precision teleoperation we also have an
e-stop
in case the rover causes trouble we are
using fluorescence microscopy with
modular filters light sources and floor
force detective life in soil using
fluorescence microscopy allows for
unparalleled sensitivity while alone for
detection of many different biomarkers
to maneuver the soil into a position
where it can be assayed we are using a
spinning apparatus after soil is added
using a mechanical arm the entire system
spins rapidly to move solid dirt to the
bottom of the cuvette light passes
through the sample from an LED on the
inside of the device to a camera
opposite presence of a fluorophore will
cause the sample to fluoresce if a
biomarker is present sensitivity is
increased through the use of two
replaceable filters our proof of concept
uses sight ox Orange a fluorophore which
binds specifically to nucleic acids due
to the adaptability of our system this
could be easily changed in order to
detect different organic molecules such
as proteins or sugars for the autonomy
task the operator will be able to
specify multiple waypoints and obstacles
to avoid on a map interface a path is
then generated for the rover to follow
this path will be dynamically modified
to reroute around obstacles detected by
the onboard lidar our RTK GPS is able to
achieve centimeter level accuracy and
IMU sensor fusion allows us to robustly
determine orientation finally we use
computer vision to identify the tennis
ball overall our system design
priorities this year have been
robustness and ease of use our design
philosophy was to rush to a Minimum
Viable Rover with rapid prototyping and
improve issues as they come up we
believe this leads to a more robust
final design that addresses features
essential for competition success each
subsystem has a hardened linux node
powered and networked over ethernet
which communicates over our custom
lightweight protocol for long-range
communications we use an off-the-shelf
2.4 gigahertz antenna system which we
found to deliver high reliability and
throughput in last year's competition
we are proud of how far we've come this
year and we're excited to compete in the
University Rover challenge
