[Music]
Stanford student robotics is proud to
present our 2020 Rover darf Sandhya's
iterating from last year's Rover
Anakin's and Walker we have created darf
to be sleeker more robust and easier to
use our team of nine undergraduate
engineers has been hard at work creating
Stanford's best Rover to date we believe
the key to competition success is
extensive testing and pathological
conditions and rapid iteration to
encourage this we have engineered a
Rover to facilitate frequent convenient
operation darf can be unpacked from a
car in minutes and operated without a
computer camera streams can be viewed on
any laptop without external hardware
this allows us to frequently take our
Rover for walks and adventures
increasing confidence in our design and
our ability to operate it powered by six
hub motors our Rover can drive at over
20 kilometers per hour and can run for
an hour on a single charge
the II stop kills power in case of
critical functions our custom power
distribution board prevents issues such
as mismatched battery voltages and
subsystem level shorts while watchdog
timers gracefully handle gaps in
communication in our modular system each
Linux node is operated independently
nodes are powered and connected over
Ethernet this makes wiring cleaner and
allows development to happen in parallel
we have also continued to develop our
custom communication protocol
eliminating lingering issues and
expanding support to facilitate low
latency communications over ranges
greater than a kilometer dart this
outfitted with a 2.4 gigahertz antenna
which when paired with a directional
base station performs well even without
line-of-sight in preparation for the
extreme retrieval tasks we've made
crucial improvements to last year's
design dart sandiest is equipped with
our novel grasshopper suspension which
distributes weight away from the lowest
wheel getting it out of crevices and
holes this system promotes a gliding
behavior over both chaotic terrain and
large obstacles
we have also worked on improving our
Rovers treading with a focus on the
terrain textures present at the MDRS
such as sand gravel and stone without
increasing driving vibrations our
improved camera system allows operators
to spot well hidden objects without
sacrificing last year's low latency
during the autonomy tasks the operator
utilizes our custom UI to specify
multiple waypoints and keep out zones
darfs high-precision GPS and IMU are
used to follow the path until it reaches
the final Waypoint and enter search mode
when the competition marker is seen from
afar the rover approaches to investigate
and once a certain has found a correct
marker it will indicate successful leg
completion the autonomy system fuses
data from a range of sources to
determine if the river is stuck and will
initiate evasive maneuvers our
experience and last year's equipment
servicing tasks demonstrated the
importance of being able to precisely
and intuitively control the end effector
position we are continuing to use our
competition proven SCARA design now
focused on improving its implementation
our z-axis is now driven with the
redesigned worm gear system allowing for
increased reliability we have also
improved the precision of our
lightweight XY system with the new
two-stage belting reduction on secondary
shafts which lessens gearbox backlash
and allows for better belt tensioning
without stressing the motors low latency
chemistry from multiple angles including
a close-up gripper view and a pen tilt
overhead read the user with several
views of the arm this year slimmer
design allows for easy folding for
transport which facilitates frequent
testing women switches on the arm
allowed to operate without manual
calibration
additionally if there are motor on the
joystick provides the operator with
force feedback and warns when near
inverse kinematic singularities this
year our left detection system centers
around three primary tests an optical
microscope for essence microscopy and
chemical test strips our optical
microscope is mounted on the chassis of
the Rev
samples are taken and placed on slides
which rotate beneath the microscope
flesh since microscopy was the key to
our science design last year we use a
fluorophore called separate gold which
brunski nucleic acids and fluoresce is
only when they are present our own broad
custom fluorescence microscope can then
image the sample telling us whether or
not DNA is present in addition to
standard for us
my Cosby we use a lysozyme to break cell
membranes if the amount of fluorescence
increases will not I sing agent is added
that means that there were nucleic acids
locked inside cells which is clear
evidence for exit life in the sample we
are also experimenting with various
chemical test strips these reveal the
presence of organic molecules in the
sample such as lipids or sugars for
iterative design philosophy and hard
work with Stanford students robotics
have created our best Rover to date
we're consonant and DARS abilities and
are excited to compete at you RC
