[Music]
we are cinderella robotics club at
arizona state university based in tempe
arizona usa
i know i speak for all of our members
when i say how excited we are to share
our progress with you this year please
keep watching to see clips and info from
each of our five urc-focused sub teams
the mechanical sub team is centered
around creating a robust mobile platform
for the rover the simple square frame
and round legs are lightweight and can
be completely assembled with simple hand
tools the rocker bogey suspension system
enables the rover to tackle difficult
terrain ensuring that all six wheels
remain in contact with the ground at all
times and the sturdy roll cage protects
all of the vital electronics and keeps
out dust
the legs of the rocker bogey system are
coupled to the body through a passive
differential bar allowing the two sides
of the drivetrain to rotate
independently of the body while keeping
the body upright the chassis utilizes
six powerful bldc hub motors with custom
3d printed tpu tires that feature a
compliant open cell design the tire
design is easily replaceable and it
isolates the chassis from any shocks it
might receive while crossing uneven
terrain
this year our electrical sub team has
worked on reviewing and updating all
documentation of our systems we
completed an in-depth analysis to make
sure that our electrical systems are
able to supply sufficient power to all
other systems using this analysis we
developed battery and motor
specifications
our rover is powered by 48 volt lithium
ion battery power is distributed through
various dc step-down converters that
supply regulated voltage to components
that run on 12 or 24 volts we also
utilize fuses and circuit breakers to
protect our components from any
unexpected effects of over-current
our team is using o-drive motor
controllers for our arm and driveways
brushless motors we will be interfacing
with our motor controllers using can bus
serial communications to simplify
electrical connections and power
distribution to our microcontrollers we
are using a custom pcb that we call the
compute stack our design is well
protected and it is easy to access and
replace electrical components if needed
the robotic arm has six degrees of
freedom for full manipulability and his
joints are actuated by combinations of
brushless dc motors brushed servos and a
linear actuator this combination of
different types of motors is optimized
for each load to minimize the added
weight while having a smaller motor
footprint but maintaining enough torque
to lift to five kilogram payload this
also limits backlash and extraneous
movement which is imperative for the
equipment servicing mission where
precise manipulation is required the rom
is operated through a xbox one
controller allowing for intuitive
control in a compact and familiar
package arm uses ros movement to read it
read the desired workspace linear and
angular velocity commands from the
controller and performs inverse
kinematics collision detection and
singularity avoidance these calculations
are performed in real time to determine
the desired joint space configuration at
each time step the information is then
sent to 10c 3.2 microcontroller which
provides low level joint position
commands to the motors
this year we've been working on
integrating various data into our path
planning algorithms including point
cloud data from our z2 camera gps data
and a cost map created from elevation
data using our own software for live
video feedback we decided to use esp32
cam camera modules which will stream
directly into our control station via
wi-fi allowing us to monitor terrain
hazards and arm movements
we're also in the process of creating
software to maintain the best possible
wireless connection between our rover
and base station by adjusting the angle
of both antennas automatically
our subsystem for the biology mission
will rely mainly on a raman spectrometer
built by our team using resources from
the open source open raman project with
additional data coming from our onboard
cameras our spectrometer will be used to
compare collected samples to known
samples which only form the presence of
life in order to obtain samples from the
ground we will use a vacuum once on
board the rover the sample can be
analyzed via raman spectroscopy in a
test tube contained in our sample
carousel using a raman spectrometer we
will obtain a spectrum of light that can
be compared in an organic spectral
database this will tell us the compounds
that are present in the sample and we
can compare this to life-supporting
compounds to determine the presence and
status of life on mars
thanks so much for taking the time to
view all of our hard work just like
every year we put in our all and we made
great strides we hope this is clear to
the judges at urc and we look forward to
hopefully touching down in utah
[Music]
you
