since the end of URC 2022 the Mars rover
design team at Missouri s t has been
hard at work researching and refining
both our novel and Legacy systems so
that through a combination of
computer-aided design finite element
analysis bench tests and task
simulations we will be able to meet all
competition requirements the Mars over
design team is proud to present our 11th
Rover Helios
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
Helios features the signals overhaul
this year a managed network switch runs
900 megahertz 2.4 and 5.8 gigahertz
bands simultaneously a Jetson Xavier
streams up to eight parallel camera
feeds over UDP while GPS has improved
through a differential positioning
system
a custom 8s 8B lithium-ion battery with
current sensing and active filtering
capabilities powers of 14 PCB
distributed architecture to interact
with the Rover mrdt has written a custom
GUI application in which operators are
able to see and easily switch between
camera views monitor the Rover's
location on a map position the rotating
signal stack and view diagnostic data
sent from the Rover these systems
provide operators with an insight into
the River State while an attachments
manager displays results from the
science hardware and allows precise
control of the arm
Helios features key modifications to our
Legacy Manta suspension greatly reducing
weight design and Manufacturing
complexity while maintaining similar
performance
featuring a structural composite frame
carbon Kevlar wheels and a modular
auxiliary mounting system our Rover is
capable of withstanding a one meter
vertical drop and full speed Collision
Helios can reliably produce a Max torque
of 13.2 newton meters a max speed of 6
meters per second and Traverse a Max
incline of 45 degrees paired with a
6-axis robotic arm our Rover has the
ability to locate Pull lift and carry a
large range of tools and objects while
traversing Sandy Rocky and uneven
terrain our camera and gimbal system
allows base station to view the state of
all systems during the missions while
providing greater viewing angles during
operation
Helios is new 6-axis robotic arm gives
it the fine control strength and range
of motion required to successfully
complete the equipment servicing task an
inverse kinematic PID control scheme
actuating through custom h-bridge motor
controllers and brush DC motors enables
fine control of each joints a new
combined and the factor design is both
simpler and lighter while maintaining
the ability to lift a 5 kilogram weight
open drawers and cabinets tighten the
hex bolt type on a keyboard operate a
joystick and insert a USB stick cameras
on the forearm and gripper provide
Optical feedback and depth perception
inside the base station while a camera
on the back of the Rover provides an
alternate viewing angle of the arm's
relative position
for the autonomy Mission Helios utilizes
a differential GPS for precise
point-to-point navigation during
navigation the Rover utilizes our new
triclops camera layout to stitch
together images from a z2i stereo camera
and two 180 degree side cameras to
create a larger field of view two
asynchronous computer vision algorithms
allow the Rover to autonomously navigate
to its goal the first algorithm detects
AR tags using opencv's aruka Library the
second allows us to avoid obstacles seen
in the Zed's 3D Point Cloud using a
custom trained YOLO model and an a-star
Pathfinder upon successfully reaching a
GPS Waypoint our Rover will enter into a
search pattern State and spiral outward
until the air attacks are found the
Rover will then enter a new navigation
routine to either approach a single
marker or maneuver through a gate
completion of the test will then be
indicated using the LED panel on the
back of the Rover utilizing old Rovers
in the wiibots robot simulator each new
feature goes through a rigorous amount
of bench and field tests before a final
review and ultimate push to Dev
our redesigned science Gantry system now
utilizes carbon composite tubes to
reduce the weight by 33 while improving
rigidity to analyze soil samples we
lower our updated instrument array into
each sample site
house and electroplated casing our new
custom 4ometer uses six UV LEDs and an
optic system to induce fluorescence for
the detection of Life receiving between
330 and 600 nanometers amino acids and
carbohydrates can be detected it is
paired with a microscope capable of 400
times magnification allowing us to see
sediment grains within the soil sample
finally gas sensors allow us to measure
the carbon and nitrogen biological
Cycles in action
Helios is also able to run a series of
chemical tests along with its
instruments using a multiplexing water
distribution system driven by a
peristaltic pump our latest chemical
Suite utilizes the nihydrin and
Benedict's test to look for amino acids
and reducing sugars in our soil samples
after analysis is complete a soil cash
box allows us to collect up to 10 grams
of material with the highest scientific
value for future analysis
the creation of an r d division has
enabled our team to explore more
ambitious ideas and processes while
maintaining our ability to address
issues identified during previous URC
missions we have placed a heavy emphasis
on structural composite components
spectroscopy methods electroplating
techniques and brushless manipulators to
incorporate into future designs thank
you for your consideration the Mars
River design team looks forward to
competing at the University Rover
challenge this June
[Music]
