the frame and the suspension are a
high-risk element the frame has to be
rigid and that's why we use thicker
aluminium profiles increasing the safety
factor the independent suspension system
allows the rover to drive through rough
terrain at high speeds what can be said
about the commonly used rocker-bogie
suspension we designed the new
manipulator mechanism which allows for
the same torque as a mechanical actuator
while reducing the weight of the rover
our drill is an innovative prototype
based on oil drilling devices
we created two types of unique wheels
the first one is stiff and durable which
is an advantage on wet terrain the
second one is soft and suitable for a
rocky site thanks to the elastic spokes
we were able to reduce the weight
the most unique electronic system in the
rover is a radio modem which has a very
large signal range
the heart of the river is built using
stm32 microcontrollers the main module
uses a discovery development board
inserted into a PCB board which we have
designed this is a powerful 32-bit F for
microcontroller all of the data is
transferred by this ball to the other
modules the same unit is used on an
independent manipulated board there are
several absolute encoders made by us and
mounted on the manipulator which
increase the movement precision and
improve their inverse kinematic system
the rover is sealed with a joystick and
the robotic arm is controlled with the
gamepad
the remote control and autonomous mode
are both controlled with our own
application written by our IT sub team
for the autonomous task we are using an
Nvidia Jetson tx2 although this is not
the most up-to-date generation of
Jetsons development board it is still
powerful enough for our needs we are
using our own unique decision engine for
the path finding algorithm who are using
a 2d scanner mounted at the very front
of the rover four obstacle detection and
avoidance it can detect obstacles within
a 5 meter radius our team is split into
sub teams and works in the same way as a
regular company we use management tools
such as Trello crowd or Gantt chart
thanks to these tools we are able to
systematically check our progress the
system which we have been using helps us
in meeting our goals and deadlines
legendary Rover 7 easily handles driving
up slopes can lift heavy objects and
carry out precise tasks like using a
screwdriver our experience has been used
to optimize the rover and complete the
URC tasks our tennis ball recognition
algorithm is based on the tensor flow
neural network the second part of the
image recognition task will be the
invention and development of a more
accurate and stable algorithm which
detects the marker with a higher
probability
we have tested the properties of metals
composites and plastics proper materials
have been applied to the different parts
of the driving system we have designed
two different wheels the first rule is
rigid and has a rubber tire after a
terrain test which ends the design to a
more elastic one the most crucial part
of the second wheel are the elastic
spokes the wheels retain their initial
shape despite the large number of work
cycles
we have improved the design of our
gripper which allows us to perform very
precise tasks
we're conducting extensive tests for the
autonomous systems we have a pre tested
navigation system and are currently
working on debugging and improving
obstacle detection and avoidance
algorithms the obstacle detection module
is also capable of stopping the rover in
emergency cases for example when the
obstacles are too close as you can see
two lamps are mounted at the rear of the
rover
they are dynamically signalizing the
autonomous system state the initial soil
examination will be performed on board
by the rover's integral instruments the
onboard test includes physicochemical
analysis of soil by checking its
temperature acidity or basicity salinity
conductivity and humidity
you
