[Applause]
hi my name is maja Adam Kiev economic
elite as a Stanford University Maserati
this is our first and what we hope will
be many entries into the university
rubber challenge our team is divided
into four different sub teams
mechanical engineering Electrical
Engineering computer science and
scientific analysis I am Christina Lee
and I'm the mechanical lead for the Mars
rover project the rover was designed on
mainly sheet pieces so we can make
laser-cut doron prototypes early on the
water check cut aluminum sheet metal
that were TIG welding together for the
final product throughout the design
cycle FPA analysis and optimization
software were used on all parts to
minimize weight while ensuring that all
components have a safety factor of three
or above our four wheeled rocker
suspension allows us to achieve higher
torque outputs lower weight and greater
mechanical simplicity we're using
powerful DC brushless hub motors
allowing us to drive up 45-degree slopes
we use custom-designed 3d printed wheels
purposely picking the xxx filament to be
grippy and flexible they slightly
conform to the ground surface giving us
more grip on hard rocky surfaces and
more surface area on soft sandy surfaces
our double layered chassis as it
designated space for every electronic
component and removable panel so we can
swap out components easily additionally
the top can be easily attached for more
extensive system repairs our 5 degree of
freedom arm used a counterbalance system
decrease the load on our belts employee
transmission systems
[Music]
the arm is entirely detachable so we can
remove it for the autonomous traversal
task and reduce weight our preferred is
reconfigurable two two three and six
finger operations so we can adapt it for
the different tasks two fingers separate
panels and three fingers to use tools
like a screwdriver concentric wait for
the science cache task we have an auger
to collect the soil sample and release
into containers on the chassis for
onboard analysis the simplicity of the
system keeps its end effector
lightweight my name is Shai Chuck and
I'm the electronics leave the Shepherd
harbor team in addition to the sense of
word being used for scientific analysis
we're also working on our power
distribution board which will eliminate
messy wiring and improve reliability the
design features in latching and failsafe
II stopped as well as uses social off
power on over current events we are
working with another student group to
develop a long-range radio which will
allow for us to maintain low bandwidth
communications even an out of line of
sight we understand the difficulties of
running electronics in the desert this
is why we are doing extensive Thermal
simulations of the boards and sharing
our recorders are properly cooled and
sealed from dust and addition to
conformal coating all over upwards all
of our connectors are key and have a
positive retention mechanisms hi I'm
Victoria and I'm Rachel and we're the cs
coedes for the team
our main onboard computers the Jetson
tx2 which runs the robot operating
system tools all Rover subsystems with
the enormous task we will be using
visual Dom tree from a stereo vision
camera system combined with GPS using a
Coleman filter to position ourselves on
a map in addition to being able to track
tennis balls using traditional methods
we are using deep learning for image
segmentation to identify and localize
obstacles like loose sand that wouldn't
be detected by traditional systems but
are still difficult for the rover to
traverse to run these models we are
using custom open-source brought
packages I built while working at Nvidia
we are currently working on inverse
kinematics but we're already practicing
for competition tests using direct
control of each joint
for precise an intuitive operation we
are also experimenting with the master
slave system for our mural we use a
commercial off-the-shelf 2.4 gigahertz
antenna system from maximum reliability
and through play I'm Nikolai and I'm the
science lead for the Mars rovers game we
will be doing preliminary analysis using
the onboard cameras to look for signs of
water in the Martian landscape we will
be taking measurements of conductivity
humidity and temperature using solid
state archives finally we will be using
fluorescent dyes to distinguish between
nucleic acids and other molecules this
has advantage of being a more selective
and sensitive method that we can do in
the allocated time we have a robot
nearing completion from here on out we
found the focus on the interview
liability the panic person your
checklist is DeMatha keep testing
everything we were proud of how far we
come this year and are excited compete
in the university Ruhr challenge
