[Music]
adramal team is an entire disciplinary
team of twenty undergraduate engineering
students we have a team leader and five
division leaders our divisions are
mechanics electronics software science
and management we also have subdivisions
to divide the tasks to team members the
rover team has existed for four years
and has attended the ERC for two years
achieving high ranks among the
competitors this year the rover team
built a completely new rubber in the
design stage the problems and challenges
that the rover is going to face well
considered chesses was redesigned to
overcome the obstacles this year Rover
has six independent bicycle like design
wheels that will move with a higher
velocity and maneuver ideally each leg
has its own suspension that can be tuned
front and rear legs have additional
degree of freedom to maintain stability
in unpredictable terrain for additional
traction an elastic 3d filament which is
TPU 95 was utilized around two wheels
Thea has a five degrees of freedom arm
that was designed to manipulate several
objects arm has three rotational motors
and two servo motors to create motion it
was designed to hold objects precisely
such as a screw driver or a ranch in
equipment servicing tasks in the gripper
module the system is controlled by two
servo motors one of the motors is used
for rotation along its own axis whereas
the other is used for closing the
pincers to grasp objects the gripper is
connected to the server through gears
the mass of the grippers were also
printed within
6:3 diplomat to increase the grip
electronics division focused on the
modularity of the design while the
safety compactness and the demand of the
system were kept in constant check we
designed our custom PCBs to carry out
the tasks at hand on the communication
front we have used an antenna that is
only directional has five kilometers of
range and uses 2.4 gigahertz to
communicate with ground control software
division mainly focused on the
communication arm control of tia and
autonomous traversal we created a
complete anneal updatable system for Tia
for communication we have decided to use
robot operating system because it is
easy to integrate different
microcontrollers with our Raspberry Pi 3
which provides us practical safe and
fast data transmission the hardest task
the division has faced was the control
of the robotic arm the division decided
to combine two complicated protocols to
obtain a precise and safe control which
are inverse kinematics and PID this year
we worked very hard to make our
autonomous by using a complete
autonomous traversal algorithm and image
processing which collects data from our
sensors that provide acceleration
compass gyroscope GPS and encoder in
real-time and smoothes it out thanks to
our Kalman filtering system at the same
time Thea is able to avoid obstacles by
making 3d mapping of the parameter using
our lidar module furthermore we have
used open CV Python and Rose to detect
and track tennis balls for the science
tasks we designed the drilling system we
tapered the end of the Archimedes screw
in the drilling system to drill even the
hardest oil we also use a linear
actuator and a spring for smoother
vertical motion for the onboard analysis
we use the deco con 5te sensor to
analyze moisture temperature and
conductivity of soil in the laboratory
we will analyze soil geologically
biologically and chemically we use a
soil color chart and so you'll texture
pyramids to examine the soil for
geological evidence additionally we will
analyze rocks for their physical
appearances and textures we will use
assets to identify the rock types you'll
use a microscope to take
microorganisms for the biological
analysis we measure the pH level by
using the soil analysis kit and the LED
newspaper
[Music]
you
