hi we are team diamonds a team of 15
University students from IIT Mandi based
in Himachal Pradesh India we learned
from our past experience at URC 2022 and
improved Upon Our Rover the team is
divided into four subsections which
consist of mechanical electronics and
communication software and autonomy and
Life Sciences the Rover was made in a
span of six months due to covet
situation in India and logistic ratios
we are proud to present you our latest
over Maverick
the chassis of her over this year builds
upon the previously designed single
frame chassis made out of aluminum
extrusions which provide great
modularity and make it easy for us to
attach various other subsystems like the
electronics box and the robotic arm
assembly the single frame is supported
by the highly versatile and ubiquitous
rocker Boogie suspension system The
Rocker Boogie mechanism uses a cast iron
reinforced acrylic differential bar
which provides great strength while
reducing weight the suspension system
lets the Rover climb over rocks twice
the size of the wheels and easily
Traverse slopes up to 45 degree we are
using balloon Wheels which connect to
the planetary gear DC motors through
custom designed aluminum couplers since
we are using differential drive to
maneuver the Rover the motors directly
attach the chassis through our newly
designed motor mount this year we have
rejected our previous caram and designed
a new articulated arm with six degree of
Freedom the arm features two linear
actuators and encoder motors for precise
manipulation with the help of which the
arm is able to lift up to 5 kgs we have
made custom grippers for various Stars
the heavy duty gripper is used to lift
and carry heavy weights while the
Precision repair is used for tasks such
as pressing keyboard and operating
switches high top Motors are used along
with the position control and smaller
stepping for precise actues we have used
a 6 degree of Freedom IMF offer getting
real-time orientation of grip the IP
camera assists the operator interior
while another camera and air gripper
helps in precise position we chose
Nvidia dats and Nano for controlling
other subsystems this is assisted by
Raspberry Pi and stm32 boards for low
level control for navigation and
orientation 9 degree of Freedom ime
sensor is used along with GPS all Rover
is powered by 6s LiPo battery pack to
satisfy different subsystems of the
power the communication between the
Rover and the base station is done by
rocket AC light in 5.8 gigahertz band
and one omnidirectional antenna mounted
on the Rover and one directional sector
antenna at the base station to ensure
non-line of sight communication up to
one kilometer custom pcbs are designed
such that each motor gets an independent
signal and power source from all the
s1032 boards which communicate gets a
nano by I Square C protocol main main
power board features inductive and
capacitory circuitry to remove any kind
of inductive spikes and high frequency
noises for every load researchable fuse
provided to prevent any kind of circular
damage thereby preventing the problem to
change the fuse repeatedly voltage and
current sensor are also used in more to
monitor power States additionally
thermistors are used to check thermal
data from each PCB iron P series is
designed for in a more compact way for
easy servicing the software team aimed
to develop an easy to use GUI for tele
operating the Rover from the base
station and monitoring subsystem
throughout various machines we are using
Nvidia Orem for enhanced processing of
heavy data such as Point clouds and
autonomous machines as part of
autonomous traversal we developed an
algorithm that uses visual automatic IMU
and GPS data to localize the Rover we
have used a global EKF of using GPS IMU
and Visually automatic data while
another local EKF note uses IMU and
wheel automation Adept data is used for
ATA map slam we are using the Ross
navigation stack for path planning and
obstacle avoidance a separate node is
being used to publish GPS waypoints as
per requirements on the autonomous
Mission Ross State machine is used to
track machine both the map of the
environment and the part of the whole
are updated dynamically when the Rover
is close to the gold location AR tag
detection is used for planning and
serving to the gold location once the
Rover reached the goal location the
status is updated using the onboard LED
for controlling the robotic arm we have
used the movie trots package the depth
camera is utilized to create a local map
of the workspace and this map is
integrated to plan a collision free
trajectory the life science module this
year is three back to enable real-time
examination of the environmental factors
that support life the Rover has onboard
sensors to determine atmospheric
parameters the soil NPK sensor is used
which involves accurate measurement of
the level of nitrogen phosphorus and
potassium in the soil PH sensor is used
to measure the acidity or basicity of
the soil the Rover also has a model
which stores the reagents for bioret and
s5bs saved items for checking the
presence of protein and DNA respectively
temperatures and humidity in the
atmosphere and moisture in the soil are
measured by their respective sensors as
these factors play a very important role
in presence of Life anemometer is also
used to measure wind speed which helps
in understanding the broader
environmental context in which life can
exist gas sensors are used to detect
Gases such as carbon dioxide oxygen
ozone and ammonia for real-time Rock
detection a deep learning model has been
built which has the ability to detect
different kinds of rock using
convolutional neural network analyzing
the soil's texture using digital
microscope also helps in great in the
support of life
