[Music]
pushing the levels of innovation and
exploration our passion for technology
and was for Discovery drivers to design
Cutting Edge Rovers and tackle the
toughest challenges to looking at
robotics get ready to witness the future
of space exploration your team and
bishop's U.S Rover delicate
[Music]
coming to traversal we are going with a
more robust rocker Boogie mechanism than
our previous we have further optimized
our Rover's traversing capabilities by
including more obstacle parameters in
simulations a major problem we had was
that of camber which we have observed
tested and now corrected the chassis has
been stiffened to reduce the flexure The
Rocker bogey components have been
reinforced and also the differential
mounts have been redesigned for better
load transmission and to lower the
associated play while traversing also we
decided to lower the bending Movement by
reducing the length of what was
effectively a cantilever
we solve for the inverse kinematics in
real time using our custom ik package
that outputs required joint angles for
the three joints of a manipulator
these output joint angles are realized
using PID controllers with the help of
feedback from encoders which are inbuilt
in our Motors
the manipulator is a 5 degree of Freedom
articulated arm with a versatile gripper
the entire arm has been revamped
considered in the shortcomings and
advantages of the previous designs worm
gas are being used at the shoulder and
elbow joints owing to the non-back
drivability and the much larger range of
motion that they provide compared to the
previously used linear actuators also to
reduce the time required to assemble the
Rover the arm is made to be modular and
can easily be mounted or detached base
rotation of the arm consists of a series
of Spur Gears chosen to ensure an
optimal torque and RPM balance aluminum
links have been used and by laser
cutting weight has been drastically
reduced extensive stress analysis has
been done to maximize strength and
stiffness of the links
foreign
grip pitch and roll motion the gripping
mechanism consists of two parallel four
bar systems which are actuated using a
worm Game Gear system in turn consists
of two worm wheels and one worm
this prevents the back drivability of
the gripper fingers and ensures that the
gripper can grip masses up to 6 kgs the
roll motion is achieved by meshed Spur
Gears
[Music]
a central electronic box has been
designed with custom-made pcbs for Drive
arm and science modules Nvidia Jackson
Xavier acts as a CPU Roma's motor
drivers are managed by stm32 blue pill
and last 25 Eco microcontrollers cross
needle i2c and cam techniques have been
used 2.4 gigahertz frequency
communication is done using liquidy
rocket and two routers with 15 DBS
sector antenna the base station and 13
DBI omnidirectional Lantern on the Rover
linked to the Judson via SSH power
module 224 volt Depot batteries Rene
based power distribution board with buck
converters reverse voltage protection
due to vac Emma octo couplers under
voltage protection and fill switch
mechanism to cover up active confidence
in an emergency has been employed
special PCB with voltage current and
temperature sensors publishing data from
Jetson to custom-made guis design
the sign setup consists of the soil
collection mechanism and an onboard
laboratory to collect soil samples a
scoop attached to the end of a robotic
arm drops them into a collector box with
two compartments one of which creates a
solution for testing while the other
preserves the original soil submersible
water pumps and pneumatic pipes control
the flow of the solution from The
Collector box to the test tubes in the
onboard science lab and cuvettes in the
spectrometer setup our live detection
strategy involves testing for reducing
sugars lipids ammonia and calcium
carbonate changes in the test tubes are
observed using three analog cameras are
UV with spectrometer setup uses a
rotating mechanism for the 2s to test
samples from multiple sites for proteins
and carotenoids
the onboard sensors measure various
environmental and subsurface factors
we use a microscope with an adjustable
Focus to examine the physical attributes
of soil rocks and possible fossils
we can predict the conditions that led
to their formation using our database
we have built a custom GUI which
illuminates the requirement for manually
entry commands to determine it uses
others to visualize the manipulator
status provides camera feed from the
cameras on the Rover ensuring that the
operator is completely available around
the overthrow divisions we are using an
intern real since D415 stereo camera for
obtaining visual odometry Point flow
data and for arugo Market detection
adapt to Monte Carlo localization is
used with lidar to get a post estimate
of our Rover all our automatic data is
used using an extended cabin filter for
more effective localization
a drone was built using the F450
quadcopter frame as a base Raspberry Pi
model 4B and pixel 2.4.8 form the fly
computer and control of the system
inspector for software you are using
drone kit python library to achieve
autonomous strength
