hello we are team interplanator and
undergraduate student team from
Bangladesh University of engineering and
Technology we are participating in the
University Rover challenge 2023 and we
present to you our latest robot
protester version 1.0 we implemented a
four-wheel rocker suspension mechanism
to keep the Rover lightweight wheels are
attached to the Rockers on either side
of the Rover chasing bar differential
keeps the Rover chasing balanced at an
average angle between the Rockers on
either side this allows the Rover to
climb over rocks on uneven ground while
minimizing jerking of the chassis thus
protecting sensitive electronic
components inside we tested the Rover
for traversal in extreme rocket terrain
our Rover can climb steep slopes and
withstand sudden Falls without any
damage the Rover can also drive over
Sandy ground this year a completely new
chassis is designed and manufactured to
reduce weight and ensure modulated this
chassis is made of stainless steel
square groups Oasis providing instance
while being lightweight it provides more
recipes for electronics arms and science
payloads the suspension is made from
stainless steel square tube this year we
made a modification by Shifting the link
by different shelf from the front of the
chassis under the bottom this allowed us
to mount the arm in front of the Rover
for better maneuverability of the arm
during several tasks learning from
previous years we've signified the arm
design and this lighter design is
manufactured using teak welded SS Square
cubes the six degree of Freedom arm
stands on a tightly integrated warm
gearbox Wrong by DC motor which provides
base rotation this one gear reduces
backlash of previous design
this year we have modified the previous
ND Factor by replacing most of the
plastic parts with aluminum alloy this
enables us to make the roll pitch and
your mechanism 74 smaller in volume
while still maintaining the similar
strength the end effector can push
buttons flip switches plug-in USB and
type on keyboards with the 360 degree
continuous rolling we can turn knobs and
drive screws with a screwdriver the arm
can pick up objects from the ground pull
ropes open and close latches and drawers
real self-depth camera is used for
obstacle avoidance and Air Attack
detection during autonomous inversion
task alongside the camera or Rover uses
a 9 degree of Freedom IMU and press
module connected to a Jetson Xavier NX
which is the same setup as the previous
year the Jetson Javier NX acts as the
Rover's main processing unit and takes
the 3d plant code data from the camera
and fuses it with the GPS and IMU data
for Wi-Fi navigation using point out
data from the depth camera a 3D map of
the environment is generated this is
then used to generate a 2d grid map
where the obstacles are marked with
black boxes the path planning algorithm
uses these data to Traverse in an
Optimum path for averting obstacle which
is shown in the average window Martin
group The reacted air tags also get
marked on the map and camera window
using GPS data real-time position data
is shown on the map and weapon-based
navigation is performed successfully for
Effective task handling we have created
a unique user interface that is
connected to Ros which includes all
manual Rover operation functions our
robot operators May simply control a
variety of rubber movements by
depressing various buttons on the user
interface and on the keyboard the robot
sensor data and video feed can also be
streamed through the user interface for
monitoring purposes we've set up a 2.4
gigahertz communication link between the
PlayStation and the Rover using two
rocket m2s base station uses 120 degree
15 decibel sector antenna while the 13
decibel Army directional antenna is
mounted on the Rover these are both High
Gain antennas and they ensure no line
assert communication for a distance up
to one and a half kilometers from the
base station
elliptical system of our Rover is
separated in four different modes power
arm wheel and signs for powering the
Rover we are using Lithium Polymer
batteries and two different power rails
12 and 24 volts this year we design our
power board with high fan consumption in
mind and high and low power system is
properly as well to remove any
electrical noise we have redesigned our
Arm Control Board to take the full
advantage of 6gb of Freedom we have also
introduced magnetic encoder to implement
that
electromagnet and vibrational motor for
soil sample collection and analyzing
and also that electrical components are
choosing the manner that no
contamination can occur safety of the
robot and the crews are a top priority
so we have installed an industry
standard Cube switch to cut off the
power from the batteries in case of an
emergency also the power consumption of
the Rover is heavily monitored this year
we have redesigned NG model soil
collection and scientific analysis
device from scratch in more efficient
way to collect the soil we use data
table scopers which are collected by an
overarm using electromagnetic effect the
electromagnetic mechanism to pick and
drop the scope or from funnel is still
under manufacturing three different
scoopers are used to avoid contamination
the scoopers open and close itself by
using linear actuator and elastic rubber
fiber after connecting soil scoopers are
placed on funnel opening and mixed with
water solution using hydration motor
peristaltic pumps are used to bring soil
solution and chemicals in the tissue for
onboard scientific analysis we use
different chemicals to detect presence
or absence of Life protein lipid
carbohydrate and carbonate biomolecules
will be detected through the color
changing chemical reactions color change
will be observed using microscope camera
further development of ATP tests using
luciferous enzyme is going on to detect
extinct or extend life also for rock
sample analysis we have developed a
model using CNN and resnet which can
process the data from real and augmented
images we train the model using
available rocks and gravel we also use
temperature and humidity sensor to
observe if soil sample is habitable for
life or not
we thank our sponsors and see you in URC
