foreign
Institute of Science and Technology we
are a team of 26 students from
mechanical Electronics Life Sciences
developers and corporate and we are
proud to introduce you to our new Rover
are committed to push the boundaries of
knowledge and development of new methods
this year we have upgraded our Google
strike system to an Adaptive suspension
mechanism this uses a robust passive
independent spring suspension mechanism
to stabilize the Rover on anyone terrain
and the independent adjustable height of
the suspension gives the Rover varying
ground clearance manual control over the
center of mass and the ability to get
out of the situation when the Rover gets
stuck in the tough spots the 5 degree of
freedom robotica manipulator is powered
by Hopkins
satisfactured from scratch in-house
using 3D printing and three axis CNC
milling machines
for equipment servicing Mission the
gripper has differential your and Rule
mechanism allowing it to perform tasks
such as traveling switches and operating
joysticks DC motor coupled with cyclical
gearbox provides us with enough power to
lift around 7 kg at the end effector
during the extreme delivery Mission the
gripper along with the arm is used to
pick up the object and store it inside
the astronaut assistance box located at
the back of the Rover allowing us to
drop the object at the specified spot
all river systems on board the robot for
a particular Mission weighs less than 50
kgs robotic arm is replaced with bioharm
in the science Mission the biohorn
accommodates the auger that collects the
soil sample from the ground and
transports it to the funnel that leads
to the test tubes and inside the biobox
and a storage compartment
the science domain is dedicated to
making the Rover equipped with the
science payload that consists of
instruments and assays to determine the
absence of presence of either extant or
extant life the collection of the
samples will be done using an auger
mechanism and transferred equally with
the help of funnels into the respective
Falcon teams present in the centrifuge
setup these samples are analyzed using
catalase Bradford and Sudan test which
will serve the purpose of determining
the presence of Life the arm of the over
consists of multiple gas and physical
chemical senses to detect the gases like
hydrogen sulphide ammonia carbon dioxide
methane and hydrogen released while
drilling the soil a digital microscope
is attached with a Rover which provides
a magnified live feed of the rocks to
analyze its structural features this
year our electronic system comprises of
two custom pcbs which integrate the
primary and secondary systems Nvidia
Json tx2 and Jetson Nano equipped with
GPS compass and interior sense camera
are our primary processing motor drivers
are being used for driving for 24 volt
Bane mod Motors and 6 LiPO batteries
will be powering the entire system a
kill switch has been Incorporated to
terminate all power supply to arm and
drive in case of an emergency for
communication we are using 2.4 gigahertz
Spectrum coupled with omnidirectional
antenna at access point giving us a
range of 1.4 kilometer with low latency
and 900 megahertz to 1.3 gigahertz for
visual field
this time the developer's domain has
made major improvements in Drive arm and
autonomous navigation system learning
from previous experience we have
revamped a workflow to enable faster
testing debugging
unincorporating new challenges the
real-time tasks are executed on the
microcontroller while the compute
intensive class gives the GPU for
parallel process
Ary each system is monitored using
extensive log messages indicating the
precise System state
the autonomous navigation has durable
Behavior according to the mission and
can be monitored from the ground control
station through a powerful GUI we have
worked really hard to ensure the
Simplicity correctness for each of our
subsystems
we aim at continuing our work succeeding
in our visuals and abiding by the motto
of rudra
[Music]
