we are team Pegasus from the University
of Southampton and this is our Mars
rover in this systems acceptance review
video for the University Rover challenge
we will outline how we hope to be the
UK's first successful engines to the you
RC in Utah this summer our chassis is
built around aluminium experts offer a
sturdy frame the adaptability needed to
alter our Rover between competition
tasks our suspension system is based
around the rock iboga design and it's
built from curved stainless steel plates
and aluminium bracing making it a strong
and lightweight design with enough
clearance to tackle the obstacles that
we found at Utah the rocker-bogie design
relies on differential form before bevel
gears this allows the rover to keep all
six wheels on the ground
while tackling obstacles on the extreme
retrieval task or maintaining a level
chassis our wheel design which is
currently being manufactured with the
help of protocol consists of an
aluminium spiral spoke and rim with
rubber Krauss's industrial partners
Airbus defense in the space
I felt us optimizer designed to grouses
or give our Rover increased traction on
the sand and loose soil we will need to
traverse in Utah testing on hard
surfaces and while the new wheels being
manufactured the rover is equipped with
modified go-kart wheels with specially
designed 3d printed wheel hubs that
offer a modular design that will allow
us to easily swap between the two sets
of wheels
we've designed a five degree of freedom
arm and wrist assembly that will give us
the strength and dexterity needed for
the extreme retrieval and equipment
servicing tasks three linear actuators
control the angle of your linkages while
the rotating base allows the whole arm
to turn through 360 degrees our wrist
design allows us to control the
orientation of the gripper to precisely
manipulate objects and our 3d printed
gripper is a multi-purpose four bar
linkage design that will allow us to
pick up and move objects and extreme
retrieval and equipment servicing tasks
we have tested our grip on a three
degree of freedom prototype arm which
allowed us to test our control software
and range of motion our new arm has
significant weight savings with improved
range of motion and increased dexterity
for communications we have installed a
long distance Wi-Fi antenna on both the
rover and the base station we have
calculates our communication systems
will provide us around 40 megabits a
second of data transfer more and
sufficient for video streaming across
all tasks safety is a critical part of
electronic systems which includes
overcurrent protection and a lipo
battery alarm this will warn us against
potential battery on our function and
over discharge to ensure your lectrons
main safe for all time we are using a
module electronic system to enable parts
to be tested separately this will
accelerate the design process and allow
us to quickly change focus between tasks
we are using the ross framework as it
offers many pre-built packages and
greatly simplifies data transfer between
the rover and the base station the
autonomous traversal tasks are over
we'll use an extended Kalman filter
fusing sensor data from the onboard
accelerometer gps unit and wheel
encoders along with visual odometry from
the cameras we will use this and depth
sensing from our front mounted Kinect
camera for simultaneous localization and
mapping using pre-built ross package
once we near our goal we use OpenCV to
identify the tennis ball marker at the
end position and determine its distance
from our rover to test our sensor fusion
techniques and bottomless navigation in
a safe environment we have developed a
simulation of our Rover and gazebo this
simulation has been verified with
physical testing traversing difficult
terrain we're looking for signs of life
in the science tasks it's practical to
look for optimal conditions this means
looking for evidence of liquid water
such as channels and valleys once a
promising site has been selected context
and a stratigraphic profile will be
captured using onboard cameras and earth
orgo will be used to collect the sample
from below the surface this will be
stored in a sterile sealed plastic
container for transport to the base
station onboard testing consists of a
soil probe with sensors for temperature
moisture and pH at the base station the
sample will be tested for biomarker
macromolecules such as proteins and
lipids
using staining and fluorescence
microscopy lipids are more resistant to
degradation the nucleic acids and
proteins so more likely to be preserved
commercial test kits will be used to
identify nitrates phosphates and
potassium
in the sample and hydrochloric acid we
use the test for carbonate which can be
signed the historic liquid water we have
been extensively testing our Rover and
its components over the last year we
have built rigs to destructively test a
prototype differential and wheel hub
this will ensure these crucial
components can withstand the forces
required to compete in the URC our
testing plan culminates in taking our
robot to Airbus's Mars yard the testing
facility of the ExoMars Rover developed
by the European Space Agency this is a
great opportunity to fully showcase our
Rovers capabilities in a
state-of-the-art facility thank you for
watching we are team Pegasus
