hi we're Team rexes and this is our
Rover for the University Rover challenge
2023
team Rex's features mechanical
electrical autonomous and science
subsystems working on various projects
like chassis drivetrain robotic arm
onboard lab and autonomous navigation
these are integrated together to solve
the four problem statements as defined
by the competition guidelines
our Rover features a welded aluminum
tube chassis comprising of push-out
suspension and custom mount for the
laboratory and the arm the wheels were
designed using topographical
optimization and are a combination of
PLA and TPU rubber line with a maximum
traversing angle of 35 degree tested
custom motor mounts take loading of the
motor shafts and help in power
transmission from planetary gearbox to
the wheels the electric housing features
removal sliding battery panels actively
cool using fans with a separate cool
compartment for the drive chain and
robotic arm components consists of a 24
volt brush DC motor in combination of
the 24 volt 30 ampere battery the Rover
is controlled by using onboard Raspberry
Pi's smart motor drivers power the drive
system with Magnetic absolute encoders
providing positional and velocity data
which are used for closed loop PID
control custom motor driver circuit pcbs
and a power distribution Network PCB are
being developed for cleaner and more
Reliant connections across systems
onboard Electronics is serial
communication protocols while the base
station Rover communication uses RF
modules at short range and 11 DBI
omnidirectional antenna in the 2.4
gigahertz frequency band backed up by
900 megahertz frequency Lora module
the fourth degree of Freedom robotic arm
comprises of two Nema 34s and two Nema
23 stepper Motors they were chosen due
to the relatively low cost and high
control of up to 40 000 steps per
Revolution
the aim of the robot is to replicate the
shoulder the elbow and the wrist of the
human arm
links are made of aluminum tubes and the
joint interfaces are custom machine
solid aluminum blocks
we are using planetary gearboxes for the
Nema Motors on all of the joints as they
provide minimum backlash
different end effectors are currently
under development which allows us to
turn hex Keys flip switches and actuate
door handles
control of the arm can be done both by
inverse kinematics and also by a
one-to-one physical twin which Maps its
position and velocity to that of the
actual arm
the science subsystem is equipped with
multiple instruments and sensors for
detecting the presence of extinct and
extant life
soil is gathered from below the surface
using a scooper attached to the robotic
arm of the Rover
this is fed into a hopper and mixing
chamber which distributes the soil into
our two main instruments an absorption
spectrophotometer and a digital
microscope
the spectrophotometer is used for two
chemical assays which detect the
microbial enzyme activity and quantify
the amount of protein present in the
soil
peristaltic pumps are used to deliver
accurate and precise amounts of reagent
and soil suspension into each sample
the microscope is used for determining
the mineral composition of the soil as
well as identifying any microfossils
left by extinct life
the onboard laboratory also has a car
system which keeps samples from each
sample site and can dispense a high
scientific value sample when it is
chosen
there are also sensors that measure the
temperature humidity pressure ambient
light UV light and soil NPK content
which are used to assess the
habitability of each sample type
the automatically system uses an IMU and
depth cameras which constantly update a
cost map the global planner is used to
find the minimum distance between given
start and end GPS points while the local
planner gets the updated cost map and
produces velocity commands which are
sent to a move based function which is
used to move the Rover Kalman filters
are being used to fuse the automatory
data we are using a Ros framework to run
all our packages we are currently
integrating a lidar sensor as well as a
gns sensor into our automatic system
