[Music]
hello we are team liad of says v8 from
mellow institute of technology india
we're a group of 30 undergraduate
students hailing from different domains
of engineering with an aim of building
and testing russian robot prototypes
our team is further subdivided into
seven subgames namely the chases and
suspension science autonomous robotic
arm pcb pdp gcs and the management we
now present to you our rover vr 4.0 for
the uic 2022 to provide additional to
assist the rover in traversing the rug
delays polyurethane wheat wheels and
used which have lightweight and low
pressure characteristics the dye is low
pressure act as a supplement to the
suspension system by absorbing a portion
of shock waves near the traversal to
mount the motor inside the wheel hub
itself we used a custom build hub that
ensures the compact design of the robot
versus the rover in traversing complex
and uneven bearings a modified double
measurement suspension has been designed
control arms and dampers provide an
initial joint angle for both the control
arms concerning the chassis in an
overload condition which depends on the
rover's weight wheel configuration and
the center of mass of the road ground
clearance of 230 millimeters is provided
to make sure that the rover maintains a
proper stability with an aid from the
damper spring the robotic arm designed
for urc 2022 built on the existing model
of the arm featuring a redesigned
gripper at the risk with the jack screw
mechanism for more precise and intricate
maneuverability required for the
equipment and service emissions the arm
has been fabricated using four dc motors
and two layer actuators providing the
arm with 60 degrees of freedom and
enables for a higher load value capacity
and backlash prevention in addition to
these improvements the forearm and
shoulder movement is made more supple
with the introduction of layer actuators
into the design in accordance with the
competition tasks the robotic arm has
been simulated in always and gazebo
using a custom gain movement package
generated using the vocal
motion and trajectory planning has
successfully been implemented using the
moving promotion planning framework the
urdf model of the arm has been required
from this respective cap file made using
solidworks with the assistance of a
third-party software point cloud
generation has been used to map and
determine the coordinates of the object
to be inspected with the gripper in
addition to imu adxl and mpu sensors to
provide closed loop feedback this year
the electrical team's focus has been on
revamping the system for increased
modularity reliability and safety 3d
modeling and printed circuit boards have
been implemented for streamlining
control and making our systems compact
and organized higher power demands of
any maintenance and extreme retail
ability can be met using an
implementation of the power distribution
board integrated cooling fans over
voltage and reverse productive
protection has been used with the
drivers to prevent overheating and
failure of the drive system emergency
kill switches have also been installed
in case of unexpected system failures we
are using full lipo batteries to power
various subsystems of our robot arm
cortex based stm32 microcontroller is
responsible for precise remote control
the custom active monitoring system has
been interfaced with the stm to delay
back the battery status feedback based
control system using the optical encoder
has been implemented for seamless steady
operation
among zui pli and web interface the
lighter one is more easy to use and
efficient we have enhanced our wave ui
to increase readability and efficacy
every subsystem has custom electronic
circuits to control and receive data
from it our control system receives
feedback from every critical component
to ensure all the module is working fine
our video 3 system has been augmented by
two it cameras which include as a racy
compression of full hd video systems
giving us better quality while
minimizing the neutral condition to view
larger area and get better understanding
of the surrounding we have used pan and
filter functionality the communication
between the rover and the base station
uses 2.4 gigahertz frequency event the
sector and only directional antenna
needs better communication between the
rover and the lesser station the science
plan focuses on performing in c2
analysis using a variety of techniques
to search for various biomarkers of life
this year we extensively redesigned the
soil tank the sample processing will be
done in two stages a customized auger is
utilized to collect and transmit soil to
a custom-made pallet it is then
subjected to an area of sensors attached
to the sliding board in the first level
for ph temperature carbon dioxide and
thermal imaging to detect heat
signatures of organisms at the second
level chemical analysis is done to
quantitatively detect biomolecules such
as nitrogen phosphorus and starch
digital microscopy is used to assess
soil properties such as particle size
texture and water retention capacity it
is also used to search for endolytic
light forms to distinguish between
extant and extinct life a customized
on-board spectrophotometer with a
spectral sensor is used to detect the
presence of atomic elements and organic
compounds from the spectral output
autonomous subsystem is mainly split
into navigation and search for the
navigation of the rover to all kinds of
terrain we've made use of multiple sets
of used data which includes the rtk gnss
that gives us up to centimeter precise
localization along with the imu sensor
and the kinect sensors
we've also made use of two monocular ip
cameras that gives us the depth image of
the arrange the rover is in which is
then used to obtain the point cloud of
the teresa this is then used in
integration with ross's navigation stack
to obtain the obstacle cost map for the
rover the custom gui is used to specify
multiple waypoints to the rover and upon
reaching the coordinate the rover enters
into spinal search mode to detect the er
markers or to pass through the gates
this is done in integration with ross's
albar package
