[Music]
greetings we are team rover x from vit
valor and we are elected to present our
system acceptance review for university
rover challenge 2022
fueled with ambition to explore beyond
the possible this year the team decided
to redesign the rover based on the
lessons learned from past experiences
and we are proud to present our rover
for the season atom with the pandemic
continuing to affect the team we
developed an efficient remote workflow
to overcome the challenges of the rover
development we took advantage of the
fact that our members were distributed
across five cities as we accordingly
distributed the work to progress
parallelly this year we've built a
modular over chassis that uses v-slot
links enabling easy assembly and
disassembly with the aim to improve
accessibility and to reduce weight the
rover is capable of traversing a wide
range of terrain as a double rocket
system coupled with a bar differential
that helps mainly low center of gravity
and achieve proper mobility this
configuration maintains proper wave
distribution and ensure sufficient
ground contact at all times
for better precision and control during
tasks a completely new arm with 6
degrees of freedom has been designed and
manufactured custom manufactured worm
gears at all joints increase stability
providing zero backlash with high
reduction ratios
each joint includes a motor with a high
resolution encoder for accurate velocity
and position control
during traversal the arm retracts
completely to minimize veer and
vibrations the end effector uses worm
gears to drive the fingers that are
designed to pick up payloads up to 10
kgs our major focus this year was
towards greater efficiency and high
level of integration among various
subsystems on the rover while
maintaining the ease of debugging to
achieve this we have revamped a power
distribution board to ensure emi
protection and passive cooling all the
systems on the rover are powered through
two lithium polymer batteries power to
all the motors can be interrupted using
a kill switch the heart of electrical
system is stm32 development board making
the control pcb extremely compact raw
serial protocol is used to establish
fast and reliable communication between
stm and jetson the software for motor
control is written in embedded c in a
task oriented manner for efficient
resource management and multitasking
the software team focuses on the core
aspects of computation communication and
command and media justin nano is our
main computing system while a
combination of directional and only
directional antenna ensures seamless
communication our custom ui gives the
operator the desired degree of control
and feedback inverse kinematics with the
rrt motion planner is used to control
the manipulator we decided to retain a
core system since it is proven to
operate reliably at competition missions
with this season's focus being to test
and ensure that this reliability
continues with the new rover
this decision was also motivated by our
goal of improving our autonomous system
our workflow of doing extensive design
and testing and simulation followed by
verification on our menu board allowed
the team to continue making progress
from their homes in this pandemic
situation
enhancements to our calvin filter-based
sensor fusion module were done to comply
with this season's stricter requirements
on localization
our global path planner accepts gps wave
points through map fills and plans an
optimal route to the goal while the
local planner uses a steedal camera
generated octo map for obstacle
avoidance ar tags at posts and gates are
successfully detected with this
functionality tested on our main
we plan to verify and optimize the
software on the rover after the sr this
year the science department has
completely redesigned the sample caching
subsystem which uses an auger and a
screw conveyor to collect and distribute
the soil sample the carousel stores the
collected soil for further testing and
prevents cross contamination
expanding on testing our mini wet
chemistry lab conducts region-based
qualitative experiments to look for
possible biosignatures in rocks and soil
we focus on essential inorganic
molecules like carbonates and nitrates
which indicate the presence of extinct
life and liquid water while the npk test
checks for the quality of the given soil
sample we also test for some of the
complex hydrocarbons which if found
might indicate the presence of extent
life one of the most significant
additions to the science subsystem is
raman spectrometer which provides
accurate compositional analysis of the
rock samples to aid in detection of
novel substances atmospheric sensors
provide information about various
biosignature gases and volatile organics
present in the atmosphere the weather
monitoring station collects data about
atmospheric temperature pressure
humidity radiation wind speed and
direction
ds18 probe is used to measure soil
temperature while ph and moisture are
estimated using hdml models hence
through weather and atmospheric analysis
soil testing and petrological studies we
can infer the overall sustainability of
environment to harbor life as we look
forward to physically collaborating
again we plan to concentrate our efforts
towards the integration of the various
subsystems we worked on remotely we then
aim to optimize our systems through
testing by simulating task specific
scenarios preparing the rover and the
team to give its best at urc 2022
[Music]
