we team invasion from IIT Madras started
in 2015 we are a seventeen member strong
team built on the shoulders of students
who have taken part in competitions such
as a semi design contest and Robocon
ever since I returned from USA 2017 we
have been working continuously in our
endeavor to build a better Rover
[Music]
this year we had significant
modifications in the design of a ruin
we switched from six to four wheels
which not only reduce the weight but
also made the control more responsive in
computing a steering system allows for a
greater degree of maneuverability the
Bayeux differential mechanism shows
ground contact of all wheels on
different tenants after experimenting
with several types of wheels we have
narrowed down on terrain tasks these
offer resilience of balloon tires
interaction of rubber tires transmitting
the power through belt drive isolates
the motors from impulsive loads without
loss in efficiency the precisely
manufacture components have complemented
our calculations in aspect of strength
to meet our intricate fabrication
requirements we have additionally
employed several unconventional
techniques such as EDM we are getting
laser cutting and rapid prototyping
[Music]
[Music]
the major focus of DCs arm has been on
efficient redistribution of power
between two of explosions making each
joint more powerful than required this
was done by introducing a coupled
actuation with the help of a bevel gear
differential mechanism we have replaced
the conventional base rotation by
shoulder rotation which reduces joint
capacity and weight making the system
more compact with the vision of more
delighted in mind we have made the
entire arm every principal module which
can be swapped out within seconds the
end effector is capable of holding
objects of different shapes and sizes
combined fingertips ensure a firm grasp
overcoming mechanical disturbances and
backlash
[Music]
having learned from our previous
experience the electrical subsystem has
been designed to be modular and reliable
we are leveraging the computational
efficiency of a distributed processing
architecture which which is between the
processors for optimized power
utilization the orderid board serves as
a high-performance node whereas
Raspberry Pi handles like the node
elements like motor controllers sensors
another circuit boards form of mesh
network employing a supervisory inter a
communication protocol for faster and
secure connections aroer is powered by
lithium polymer batteries with a power
distribution system which features in
grid surge protection and a remotely
operable kill switch this functions on a
separate low frequency band
supplementing the switch on the robot
[Music]
what is equipped with four cameras to
give an integral view of its
surroundings to 12 DB hominid axial
antennas on the rover allow you B to D
radios to communicate wirelessly with
the Huygens Citroen denied the base
station from our testing we found the
solution to be suitable for transmitting
data and high-quality video stream over
1.2 kilometers with minimal latency
further our main company is backed by
low frequency RF transceiver steward
have that connection was keeping inter
platform adaptability in mind cross was
a choice for the wrong software system
the manual control of the drive system
is assisted by type compensation
algorithms which dynamically character
over spark for autonomous navigation di
use in row story navigation stack data
from GPS leader and multiple I am use
are fused together for accurate odometry
and obstacle avoidance computer vision
algorithms are used for detection of
physical markers in the vicinity of the
GPS location and algorithms for
autonomous navigation are currently
being tested for all possible scenarios
of the competition
[Music]
our size plan focuses on evaluating the
collected soil sample for indications of
supporting microbial life to achieve
this we have developed article which
uses a useful mechanism to produce
coupled linear and rotary motions of the
drill bit a 3d printed cash container is
located surrounding the drill bit in
such a fashion that it is automatically
sealed on remove from the diggers so as
to prevent contamination of the
collected sample we are using SH t10
sensor to measure both soil temperature
and humidity on both 0 in addition we
also have a Geiger counter to measure
cosmic radiation and a pressure sensor
to measure the atmospheric pressure for
the laboratory test we are performing a
Bradford protein and say hand a grams
and analysis tool for signs of life we
are also testing the capacity of soil
for sustaining life through NPK and pH
tests to investigate evidence of water
flow we are conducting this for sediment
such as calcite sulfates and chlorate
