hi my name is the response time the
leader of the student team over about in
the Technical University of Ottawa in
Czech Republic our team of 12 students
is preparing a rover for the University
Rover challenge 2020 our team is divided
in four sections administrative
mechanical design electronics and
programming our over platform is made of
aluminium and 3d printed plastic parts
we focus on robustness and versatility
in entering wheels with integrated
motors can rotate around vertical axis
which allows us to drive in any
direction parallel suspension and
connecting lever makes a self-balancing
platform which levels the body while
moving over obstacles the science task
is very challenging for us when the
technical life presents is a complicated
task even in our laboratory did you take
it onboard the rover we are focused on
the most important condition for it
which is water so we are going to
measure humidity of the soil and the pH
and these containers
you accomplished the navigation task we
need to figure out the best way to
localize it over in the completion arena
for this we use the combine information
from GPS the auto metric from the robots
wheels we track the tags placed in the
environment using the cameras on the
rover but the robot you work with the
control panel views object detection we
also have several predefined arm
position configurations for quick
actions the arm has five degrees of
freedom and it's designed to provide us
with a maximum movement the interface at
the end of the arm is designed for a
quick replacement of the effectors
control on the arm assault either by
inverse kinematics or master slave
control panel
[Music]
since the last version we have upgraded
communication with all systems we solve
this problem by removing Raspberry Pi
and converting function to Arduino using
I to see busses I to see communication
bus helps us to receive instruction from
control system easier our team already
has experience with the european of a
challenge in placed fifth on the
european of the challenge 2018 that will
manage to reached third place last year
looking over challenge 2019 we are
looking forward to test our lower and
the skills of our team members of this
year's University Rover challenge
[Music]
you
[Music]
