either team robotics bass decreasing
lamps whether instead of technology
india is a team of thirty undergrad
students working on the Mashable Pro
today they participate her the European
River syringe twice and this is a first
attempt at the university over charge
after several months of hard work and
dedication we are excited to unfurl our
latest robot for you RC Hades the focus
of this year was to simplify the design
have onboard backup systems and ease of
control to make sure tasks are completed
with ease here's an overview of our
overall system design and function the
mechanical team together to design
manufacture and assemble the external
component of Ares the chassis has been
designed with the factor of safety of
about three to withstand the extreme
loading conditions the suspension of the
robot is a three rocker system
consisting of three independent rockers
with a six wheel drive the rockers are
designed keeping in mind the conditions
the rover will have to traverse through
at the MDRS
during the extreme retrieval and service
task the 3 rocker design is simpler and
optimized when compared to the
rocker-bogie as it reduces chances of
mechanical failure the base area is kept
wide the ground clearance height however
the center of gravity is kept low by
using bass heavy motors to counter top
link while climbing steep slopes and
performing the 1.2 meter drop with the
robotic arm mounted turning mechanism
used is the
system the rover turns by regulating the
RPM of the wheels the robotic arm
consists of a base plate assembly and
two aluminum alloy tubes which make up
the major links the base plate assembly
is designed to withstand heavy loads and
bending moments linear actuators and DC
motors driving spur gear trains are used
for actuation of the the focus of
electrical subsystem this year was to
reduce perfect complexity and the
battery management keeping in mind that
Rover should work for maximum of 70
minutes during the extreme retrieval and
delivery tossed the batteries on the
rover can keep all the systems running
for maximum of 90 minutes hence
providing a buffer the decentralized
power distribution on the rover helps in
reducing the overall wiring throughout
the rover this in turn makes other
subsystems of the rover easier to debug
and assemble at events act customize
control boards using atmega328p are used
include safety mechanism have been
embedded which are not available on of
the shelf control board selected the
control boards give the necessary
feedback to be of the rover status
current and speed sensors on board send
actuator configuration at all times
in case of extreme malfunction
particular subsystem can be
electronically disabled by the driver in
addition to an onboard construction or
as will by is uses the main controller
on the rover which communicates with the
base station over the Ross framework the
communication from the Raspberry Pi to
the atmega328 beam control boards takes
place over the i2c protocol we are using
2.4 gigahertz to give you 2 Mbps
off-the-shelf Wi-Fi routers to
communicate with the rover a directional
antenna is used on the base station and
an omnidirectional antenna is placed on
board it over the command station
antenna tracks the position of the rover
at all times and changes orientation to
maintain connectivity rover vision also
operates only 2.4 gigahertz bandwidth
and provides that constant 24 FPS the
stickler distance of one kilometer in
case of interferences at the 2.4
gigahertz bandwidth the rover self
initializes and fpv camp placed on board
which operates at a 5.8 gigahertz
bandwidth which was supposed to complete
the task successfully the normal
navigation is achieved using sensor
fusion event processing and neural
networks
long distance Waypoint navigation is
done using a GPS module and three axis
magnetometer obstacle avoidance is done
using radar and neural networks are
implemented using tensorflow
and Karis marker detection is achieved
using image processing and a camera
module the image processing algorithms
have been implemented using OpenCV and
Python for the science caches tasks to
determine the habitability of the site
our strategy is divided into site
selection documentation sensor data
acquisition sample caching a laboratory
analysis for accurate soil investigation
we are using digital microscope which is
mounted over the soil box the sample
site selection images from the panoramic
camera soil and clip images are examined
using image processing algorithms our
drill operates on Archimedes Q principle
which displaces soil from ground to be
stored in airtight cache the robotic arm
can be moved to preset locations on the
rover such as the soil box and tool
storage box using forward kinematics
amid samples are calibrated using
spectroscopic data information regarding
the site like temperature humidity wind
speed pressure and gas composition the
soil is analyzed using gas sensor
digital pH probe and temperature and
humidity sensors in the lab soil is
tested for presence of life determining
elements along with traces of microbial
life the rover is a good with the - link
and effector which will be used to
complete the servicing as well as the
retrieval tasks for sensors are placed
on the links to obtain data regarding
its configuration I am use an actuator
feedback give arm configuration at all
times these features make sure the
object does not slip from the end
effector and help the driver in
completing tasks with even a distorted
camera fee the management team is
responsible for keeping the project on
track the team will be starting its
crowdfunding campaign in early mass
should support its financial needs
