[Music]
hi my name is luis vest president
project Leda Titan Rover Titan Rover
acts as both an educational club and URC
design team the design team sets out to
design and manufacture a complete Rover
for you RC previously our team developed
calypso creating iterative design
changes based off former competition
platforms this year Titan Rovers design
team elected to further improve Rover
functionality identifying key systems
based on testing and pass URC
performances allowing for further
iterative design changes to the Rovers
core systems I am proud to present to
you
Odyssey based on the Calypso platform
the mechanical team primarily focused on
analyzing the strengths and identifying
areas of failures of components using
efi a software from this data we were
able to determine key areas and all
subsystems that need amanda redesigned
weights reduction of the system and an
increase in the overall performance of
the platform Odysseys mobility system
consists of a double wishbone pneumatic
suspension powered by dual DC motors the
rover traverses on large 18-inch wheels
that provide an exceptional ride height
and wide wheelbase to enhance traversal
over hazardous terrain and minor
obstacles Odyssey features five degree
of freedom robotic arm whose
carbon-fiber limbs act as structural
members and internal channels for all
wiring and control systems the arm
contains an external belt truss system
granting improved serviceability and an
overall reduction in weight each joint
is modularly designed to facilitate
system integration and contains feedback
enabling real-time position tracking
from the base station
[Music]
this year for our soil extraction we're
using a solid stem auger constructed out
of a high-strength nylon polymer the
auger will probe
each test site and transport the soil to
our distribution chamber a controlled
volume of soil will then enter its
respective test beaker for further
scientific analysis the rover will
characterize the soil samples to four
distinct tests a UV sensor to classify
microorganisms Starla each sites a test
for organic compounds to compare the
various sites potential for harboring
life along with a chemical extraction
process to quantify the presence of
peptide bonds and a microscope to search
for single-celled and multicellular
organisms while exploiting the
possibility of conversion evolutionary
traits develop both between organisms at
the mars-like environments and on earth
by giving the science team specific
operation of the science system separate
from the rover drivers we increased our
ability to simultaneously control both
systems building a separate interface
for the science team simplified the
required user experience and optimize
background data processing and data
interpretation for this path our team
has managed to implement numerous
printed circuit boards each equipped to
handle environmental conditions and
traversal with the help of one of our
sponsors all team you have been able to
design what stray leaders within the
structures also a powering signature
vision board with to a pet connector on
to our onboard computer to centralize
all of our sensors and drivers into one
system all functionality for the rover
has been developed in the Ross
environment using Python and C++
programming languages we have created a
multi raw score system allowing the
rover to have independent functionality
without the dependence of the base
station operations with this
independence the operating environment
has become standardized enable multiple
points of access control from direct
joystick to autonomous navigation to our
own mobile application and even multiple
driver control from the base
this year all necessary onboard
processes on T X to communicate so
centralized browser will to retrieve
data and publish custom messages
consisting of movement commands and
sensor data the system also keeps track
and periodically update the GPS tag to
recover from unexpected communication
laws by returning back to the prior CPS
point until the communication is
restored the autonomous system retrieves
sent him in an accurate GNSS position
along with I am in heading to proceed
towards target using slam navigation
integration with these frameworks we
have seamlessly integrate across with
our UI and plugins which create a
central learning environment embedding
considerable and optimized video feeds
within the UI do these food network
traffic and information delay the
navigation system provides object
avoidance running a slammed environment
based on dead reckoning design using a
solid state lighter the rover analyzes a
3d point cloud at distance data and
creates a geographical map to optimize
the navigation system the Ainu adds
additional sensor data to increase the
accuracy of a geographical map for
tennis ball recognition we have this
region based convolutional neural
network we are using a rotating camera
to provide a 270 degree scanning area
when navigating along the spiral search
pattern to locate the tennis ball GPS
coordinates of the ball are calculated
based on the ball size and location
offset within the image
[Music]
with past URC experience and development
Titan Rover stands ready with a fully
refined robust robotic platform thanks
and I'll see you in Utah
