hi I'm Rose aunt Ella president and
Protestant for tire roller
giant Rover is a URC focused design team
and educational club based out of
California State University Fullerton
educational Club then was older Rover
platforms in an effort to inspire future
generations of scientists and engineers
the design team sets out to design
prototype and manufacture a competitor
over for you RC after reflecting upon
their past performance at you RC 2019
tenth roller design team has challenged
itself to redesign the robotics mobility
and science subsystems I am proud to
introduce Kronos the robotic arm was
designed prioritizing functionality and
manufacturability it features five
degrees of freedom and CNC machine
extruded aluminum tubing for structural
members a separate motor coupled with
the lead screw and two guard rails
drives a vertical translation of the
robotic arm while two other geared
stepper motors drive two rotational
joints to achieve rotation and the XY
and Lexi planes a prismatic joint is
used to extend and retract and adaptive
to finger and effector a modular two
finger adaptive end effector was
designed to facilitate both clasping and
encompassing of objects of interest our
robotic arm can carry payloads of up to
five kilograms of mass has the ability
to touch the floor and reach up to
service our Lander pull on a rope with
the payload attached flip switches type
on the keyboard and tying a captive
screw
this year the electrical system has the
advantage of being highly modular with
our components installed into removable
aluminum housings the conductive housing
acts as a Faraday cage protecting our
sensitive Hardware from the harmful
electromagnetic interference the
Mobility sub team is responsible for the
chassis drivetrain and suspension the
mechanical foundation on the rover
platform is space frame chassis was
design so hood all sets of components
while withstanding the static and
dynamic loading conditions experienced
during your seat competition tests the
unique octagon little geometry of the
spacer and chassis extensive platforms
will base without exciting like the
chassis it also establishes the wheels
as the first point of contact in the
event of collision with obstacles while
transversion difficulty range we've
reduced the side of the chassis till out
for the entire rover to fit within a 1.2
year
I won't communicate without
disassembling Saviour to ensure smooth
operation from the base station we've
incorporated a pan tilt camera system
mounted on our antenna mast
we have also overlaid IMU data on our
camera feed for navigation through rough
terrain for that we use a 4 33 megahertz
and dual band mobile antenna which has
given us approximately 1.6 kilometers in
range through heavy interference on
campus our base antenna uses IMU and GPS
data to continuously track the position
of the rover and maintain line-of-sight
our autonomous system was designed using
multiple test platforms to allow us to
test anytime anywhere we use I'm use a
centimeter accurate GNSS a 2d lidar a
range finder and a stereo camera our
stereo camera is used to track the AR
tag as well as to provide depth
perception
perform 3d mapping functions our custom
best first search algorithm continuously
routes our path as new obstacles are
encountered it uses light our odometry
and point cloud data to adjust the speed
and direction of their over we generate
a concentric circles with waypoint lists
two metres apart after a post is found
the rotor rotates in place approximately
two meters in both directions to search
for the second post once located the
rover centers itself two metres away
from the gate and drives one metre past
the post this year's science
configuration will deploy an excavating
arm into sites of interest for the
extraction of soil the collected sample
is then released into the soil
distribution model where it will be
incrementally dispersed for each
experiment the rover will assess
extracted samples by using microscopy
and ion exchange chromatography for the
detection of microorganisms microscopic
imaging will allow for the visual
verification of single-celled and
multicellular organisms along with the
potential of identifying convergent
evolutionary characteristics that
parallel the morphology of
microorganisms found on Mars like
environments to those found on earth by
running the sample through an ionic
exchange chromatography column any
partly charged protein sample will be
stuck to the beads and then subsequently
be analyzed for the absorbance in order
to be compared to naturally occurring
protein complexes and their absorption
spectra following the chromatography at
the puree acid will provide a
significant color change due to the
chemical react
of proteins with the puree reagent our
Rover has been outfitted with
qualitative tests for detecting life
similar to that on earth by adding
hydrogen peroxide to sediment samples
the technique that is normally used in
labs to remove unwanted organic content
without damaging the sediment grains it
is possible to detect catalase catalase
is an enzyme that is found in nearly all
living organisms that horns a protective
barrier against oxygen for
close-quarters analysis of geological
samples the iron features a
high-resolution camera at its extremity
tight Rover stands ready with a
rigorously tested platform we look
forward to seeing you in Utah
[Music]
you
