hi I'm Justin MacGregor the president
and project lead for Titan Rover Titan
Rover is a two-part organization an
educational club and a URC design team
with overlap between the two
the club's purpose is to inspire
students to reach higher in space
exploration and STEM education by using
our past you RC Rovers and robotics
demonstrations the design team sets out
to design and manufacture a complete
Rover for the you RC we now have two
years of competition behind us and have
learned some valuable lessons along the
way
last year we developed Atlas from the
ground up this gave us a robust
mechanical platform to work with and we
decided to make it evokes on the areas
of opportunity we found through the
analysis of our past performance I am
proud to introduce to you Calypso based
on the Atlas platform beyond the lessons
we learned from last year's competition
we decided to put the mechanical system
through a series of rigorous tests to
determine key locations for weight
reduction to increase Rover
functionality testing provided valuable
information verifying that our system is
robust enough to tackle any difficult
terrain that is feature that competition
dual brush DC motors are mounted into
each custom hub assembly in order to
shield them from rocks the tires have a
custom tread design in order to increase
our traversal abilities across sand dirt
as well as steep slopes
we have prototypes and are currently
testing a semi-active suspension system
which allows us to change the ride
height and suspension settings at any
time using software provided by our
sponsor all team we are designing a PCB
that will shut off any subsystem that is
showing too much current in addition we
have a fiscal kill switch with dual
circuit control using an internal
solenoid this allows us to physically
cut all power to the Roper as well as
send a remote command to depower the
mobility system in the event of an
undesired movement the robotic arm is
designed for both form and function it
features five degrees of freedom and
utilizes carbon fiber limb that act as
structural members while acting as an
internal channel for all cabling and
drive systems feedback is designed into
every joint of the robotic arm to enable
real-time position of the arm and allow
the use of inverse kinematics the
gripper can accommodate a vast array of
objects using specialized gripper tips
to maximize the points of contact on
mini standard and oddly shaped objects
their gripper can be filled swapped for
other types of in effectors if needed
the major joints and components of the
arm have been designed with
manufacturability and weight reduction
in mind quick release connectors for
electrical and mechanical connections
allow for easy serviceability during
assembly and maintenance during the
autonomous task the Rovers in the
leverage the onboard processing cores in
Nvidia's jets and tx2 we are utilizing
both the GPU and the arm processes
around the computer vision system we
have built a custom model in tensorflow
for the tennis ball detection using
machine learning the model has
accurately identified the tennis ball up
to 16 feet away
our navigation platform is based on a
simultaneous localization and mapping
model within the robotic operating
system our sensors will construct an
environment in which the rover will
operate after reaching the provided GPS
point a mathematical algorithm will
create a search pattern based off of
known system and vision constraints this
will include any prior obstacles that
the rover has encountered and add it to
the slam model or sensor package uses a
two-dimensional lighter unit a
centimeter accurate GNSS and an IMU
these components allow us to
continuously update our position with an
R slam model the lighter is mapping the
terrain while the GNSS is localizing the
position by choosing Python in a module
design pattern were able to seamlessly
integrate these sensors to conduct unit
testing and authenticate software
verification and validation this year's
science system we have refocused our
efforts on collecting a suitable sample
for our life detection assays this
involves designing a hollow stem auger
that is able to collect and store a
sample down to a depth of 10 inches
while preserving relative superposition
in addition our suite of sensors
measures atmospheric variables such as
barometric pressure air temperature and
humidity UV radiation wind speed and co2
abundance our in citrus oil probe
measures soil moisture and subsurface
temperature our custom user interface
logs and graphs the data from the
sensors both onboard and back at the
base station as well as records photos
and video through our various camera
systems our biochemical lab analysis
consists of several tests to directly
observe biologic organisms slide
staining and UV spectroscopy will give
us information on cell morphology cell
component structure presence of genetic
material and endospore production we
will characterize the samples chemical
environment using pH testing and cation
anion identification Titan Rover
continues to push the boundaries through
rigorous testing and constant refinement
thanks for watching I'll see you in Utah
you
