[Music]
hi my name is Alexander Quinn and I am
the President and Project Lead for Titan
Rover Titan Rover has been a competitive
URC Rover design team since 2014 and we
have been recently recognized by
Congress we are also a
multi-disciplinary student-run club
assisting over 60 students from
engineering computer science and life
sciences the previous years Titan Rover
has designed multiple platforms
including ion Atlas and calypso I would
proudly like to introduce this year's
Rover the Theseus our new space stream
chassis it was fabricated in partnership
with the Marines of marine aircraft
Logistics Squadron 39 of Camp Pendleton
we are developing a partnership program
to provide transitioning Marines
exposure to the engineering and computer
science fields in order to improve
outcomes for transitioning Marines
the Rover sits completely within a 1.2
meter cube box the platform will weigh
less than 50 kilograms when deployed for
any Mission and a total mass of all
fielded Parts is less than 70 kilograms
there is a red kill switch installed for
use case of immersion this year we chose
to implement the rocker bogey design for
a new suspension system we used a
separate mounting hub for the bogey arms
to ensure bogey has a larger freedom of
rotation to overcome rocks or obstacles
while traffic the outstanding benefits
for rocker bogey suspension includes the
ability to undergo a 60 degree tilt
while driving over rough terrain due to
the unique challenges posed by a Mars
mission this year we evolved to
non-pneumatic tires which can withstand
punctures and operate for long periods
of time without maintenance where the
middle tires consists of a straight line
spoke design with a non-directional
block tread the auto tires consist of a
diagonal line spoke design with
directional block tread to assist in the
tank steering by pushing Terrain in a
favorite Direction the robotic arm uses
two linear actuator used to provide our
primary means for translational movement
and has the added benefit of having an
efficient power to weight ratio
custom-made Hollow carbon fiber tubes
have been kept in order to provide high
strength and to allow for wiring to be
routed through the linkages in addition
to carbon fiber five aluminum joints
have been repurposed from last year's
design to add strength to the connectors
for the motors the third link in the arm
uses an external belt driven system
which lowers the weight of the overall
system while providing more lifting
power our 5 bar adaptive gripper will be
used for the equipment servicing portion
of the competition the arms Motors are
accompanied with feedback sensors
allowing for the real-time tracking of
the arm's position within its work
envelope and enabling inverse kinematic
control our custom 3D printed 5 bar
gripper has been iterated from the
previous years torsion springs have been
added which increase grip strength
allowing for a grouper to lift more than
seven kilograms the wrist cannot rotate
360 degrees and cameras have been added
to improved precision and fine motor
control tasks we'll be using a brand new
stronger 4 bar gripper for the equipment
servicing Mission which has over 80
pounds of output force compared to the
equipment servicing gripper chemical
assist will consist of the bra and
hydrogen peroxide test to detect the
presence of protein and the Catalyst
enzyme these will imply the presence or
absence of molecules that could be an
indicator for Life the bra test uses
alkaline reagent composed of potassium
hydroxide and copper sulfate these will
react with the presence of peptide bonds
the hydrogen peroxide test is used to
detect the presence of the catalase
enzyme if the catalyst is present the
hydrogen peroxide will react nearly
immediately and begin bubbling we are
using a homemade 473 nanometer Ramen
spectrometer to complete two Signs of
Life tasks the first Compares Ramen
signature of samples to known Ramen
libraries we are currently looking for
amino acids keratin and carotenoids
our second science task we will be
categorizing the complexity of the Raman
signature of the soil samples to provide
a probabilistic range of molecular
complexity of the soil samples we
hypothesize the samples with a high
molecular complexity will also provide a
more complex form of signal
this year's control team has developed a
modular system that can easily deploy
packages for each Rover platform
we are utilizing the robotic operating
system and Docker to manage system
processes and dependencies
our system goes through various unit
tests and integration tests before
implementing on our platform
our communication system relies on 2.4
gigahertz and a 433 megahertz for
communication that exceeds the one
kilometer requirements we've replaced
our old lighter with the z2i stereo
camera we're using a centimeter accurate
gnss and have implemented a high
accuracy Sensor Fusion and common
filters for our two six degree of
Freedom High amuse our custom
pathfinding algorithms fill a hexagonal
area around a given gnss location using
proven solutions to spherical packing
problems we've developed additional
filters using opencv to extend our rooko
detection through an experimentally
validated 20 meters we look forward to
seeing you in Utah and reminding you
what it means to be a Titan
