hi my name is Michael Mendoza I'm the
president of trippy robotics
representing the University of
Washington Bothell as a new team
competing in the URC this year we are
excited to showcase our designs that we
have developed in the past several
months here's a look at our new Rover
theater
hello my name is Riley oblander and I am
the vice president and technical
director for trickfire robotics
our Rover is powered by 36 volts which
are provided by three 36 volt batteries
those batteries are connected to our
power system
through a solenoid that is controlled by
the emergency stop switch the emergency
stop switch when pressed will stop all
current from flowing from the batteries
into the other systems
those 36 volts are also converted down
to 12 volts through our buck converter
this Buck converter is used to provide
the 12 volts to our Nvidia Jetson Oren
which is the main computer and brain for
our Rover it's computer controls all of
the complex calculations like our
inverse kinematics the Nvidia Jetson
Oren is connected to a can FD bus from
its onboard cam controller through our
exterior can transceiver our
communication subsystem utilizes a five
gigahertz Wi-Fi link through two
directional antennas that are actively
steered in order to point at each other
the Rover is constantly checking its GPS
position and since the ground station
has a known location that does not move
they are able to point at each other as
that information is shared back to the
base station
this allows us to have the maximum
length budget in order to maintain our
connection over a maximum of two
kilometers the communications antenna
can also be raised and lowered in order
to increase the height of our antenna
motors for our Rover are mostly brushes
DC motors
these motors are driven by a modius
field oriented control brushless PC
motor controller these motor controllers
monitor precise position and velocity of
the rotor which allows it to commutate
the rotor in the most efficient way to
provide the most torque at both low and
high speeds
the motors we use to move the Rover are
originally designed for uses and
Commercial hoverboards are internal Hub
Builders we designed and 3D printed our
own tires out of TPU thermoplastic
having deeper Treads which are better
for gravel and sand which is the kind of
environments that our Rover will be
traversing hello my name is simpon guo I
am the mechanical technical director of
the trick fire team responsible for all
mechanical aspects of the robot our
robot system is equipped with a
custom-made 3D printer gripper designed
to provide a high level of adability the
gripper incorporates two servo motor
that enable it to adjust its grip
between two and four fingers making it
possible to hold various objects the two
finger mode is specially designed for
small objects such as USB tools and
handles while the four finger mode is
ideal for gripping object with irregular
shapes this unique design and
flexibility of our gripper will allow
our robotic arm system to perform a wide
range of tasks
hello everyone my name is rizwan Ahmed
and I'm part of the mechanical team at
trick for robotics for the material
selection of the arm we are using 6061
T6 aluminum as well as PLA and G 3D
printed material for the main structure
of the arm we will use aluminum due to
its stiffness and its durability
components such as the joints and
supporting structure of the arm will be
made of aluminum in order to maintain a
high tolerance and Precision in movement
the rest of the armor will be made of 3D
printed material in order to reduce
weight while still keeping a level of
rigidity
our Rover utilizes a rubber bogey
suspension with a differential bar the
differential bar allows The Rocker bogey
system chin to conform itself to the
terrain with which the Rover is
traversing
well there I'm Vlad and I'm the
principal software engineer for check
fire automatics in our code base we
utilize the robotic Library Ross too
specifically erostia humble since the
last two supports python much better
than last one we are able to develop and
prototype features on a much faster
scale
for the general design of the code we
have strided to have a minimally coupled
code base allowing for modularization of
different subsystems on the Rover this
gives the capability to have different
software developers work on different
subsystems of the hover without having
to depend on each other's work for the
autonomous Mission we will utilize a
quadcopter drone
this quadcopter drone will navigate to
the location given by the gnss position
it will then perform a search routine in
order to locate any aruko markers and
then determine whether or not it needs
to land at the location land next to the
post travel through the gate before
landing
once it completes that task it will move
on to the next set of coordinates or
return to the base station if it has
achieved all of its objectives
