you a a robotics is proud to submit our
system acceptance review video for
consideration by the University Rover
challenge judges panel entering our
third year with support from UAA and
many professional organizations our team
of over 30 students chose to iterate
upon and optimize last year's design
introducing iceberg 3u a robotics
divided into teams dedicated to each
Rover subsystem mechanical electrical
software science and project management
we developed a Gantt chart and task
lists based on challenge requirements
and available resources by utilizing FAA
on mechanical structures 3d printing and
industrial machining equipment we
rapidly prototype and optimize new
design features as supplies were
purchased he built troubleshot and
tested systems in parallel chassis and
suspension designs are centered on the
extreme retrieval tasks our four-wheel
independent suspension system is
designed to traverse any terrain with
ease including the 1 meter drop by
utilizing a bulkhead design stiffened
with steel rods we created a small light
and sturdy chassis
coupled with our 400 watt brushless DC
hub motors the rover has a low center of
gravity and impressive agility the rover
runs on one 720 watt our lithium ion
battery providing ample power for each
competition task 5 cameras face in
various directions to give drivers
sufficient visibility at all times these
provide multiple close-ups of the end
effector and wide-angle views of the
Armen Rover the rover uses a set of 900
megahertz Ubiquiti radios to carry
multiple video streams as well as rover
commands allowing maximum propagation
through obstacles a pair of 5 DVI dipole
antennas are mounted high on the rover
while the base station uses a 120 degree
directional antenna with a 13 decibel
gain the base station runs a custom
graphical application built with WX
Python for viewing Rover camera streams
and monitoring and controlling the rover
it features a navigation system to
display the position of the rover in
real time from transmitted GPS
coordinates and a configurable control
system enabling operation of the rover
with a pair of gamepad controllers we
focused on improving our computer vision
and navigation software for the
autonomous traversal mission during
navigation
Rover uses an onboard GPS and
accelerometer magnetometer to precisely
determine its position and orientation
OpenCV analyzes the image and depth data
from a stereoscopic camera to detect
obstacles and hazardous terrain and
identify competition markers our
pathfinding system uses a record of
encountered obstacles to calculate the
most direct path to Waypoint coordinates
the arm design drew inspiration from a
number of industrial sources the
shoulder is powered by a 200-pound
linear actuator minimizing any moment
forces in the upper arm the elbow uses a
thirty to one warm gear transmission
that provides smooth predictable motion
and over 100 pound feet of available
torque this design allows the forearm to
be offset from the upper arm to gain 360
degrees of freedom we elected to use a
warm gear on the wrist along with a
unique end effector design that is able
to rotate continuously without the use
of slip rings the end effector utilizes
a gripper and a screw driver system to
accomplish the extreme retrieval and
equipment servicing tasks three DC
motors in a linear actuator provide a
clamping force of 13 pound-feet in a
range of two and a half inches with
precision control of 907 inch paired
with the robotic arm the end effector
has a five axis range of motion the main
axis is controlled via worm drive
gearbox in amazing power draw a 3d
printed enclosure prevents dust from
entering the gearbox and belt drive
systems the replaceable pads on the
gripper are designed for versatility
allowing the rover to grip items enter
commands on a keyboard and operate a
joystick both Philips head and allen key
screwdrivers are mounted to the end
effector and operated by the same motor
to save weight two cameras provide
first-person views of the jaws and
screwdriver attachments with three laser
pointers to aid in operator control the
science plan encompasses a combined
approach that includes visual
observations an array of sensors and
what lab chemistry to identify signs of
life a camera scans the area for the
presence of animals metabolic wastes
tracks microbial mats iron staining on
surfaces due to microbial metabolic
activities and fossils rocks and
minerals are observed for signs of
indoor lithic organisms soil samples are
analyzed with a variety of sensors
including spectroscopy and gas detection
an added two aluminum make sure to
observe luminescence levels to do
in the presence of oxidizers including
hemoglobin protein urine feces copper or
iron the commercial off-the-shelf DNA Z
power soil kit consists of six different
solutions that purify the soil samples
then it is tested using a nano drop
1,000 spectrophotometer to deliver our
reading of DNA concentration DNA purity
and you play a Cassatt purity this
concludes our 2019 URC SARC middle we
appreciate your consideration and look
forward to seeing you at the Mars desert
Research Station
