you a a robotics is proud to submit our
system acceptance review video for
consideration by the University of Rover
challenge judges panel and during our
fourth year with support from UAA and
many professional organizations our team
of over 15 students chose to iterate
upon and optimize last year's design
introducing iceberg 3.25 ue robotics is
divided into teams dedicated to each
Rover subsystem mechanical electrical
software science and project management
we developed a Gantt chart and tasks
based on chance requirements and
available resources by utilizing FAA on
mechanical structures 3d printing and
industrial machining equipment we
rapidly prototype and optimized new
design features as supplies were
purchased we built trouble shut and
tested systems in parallel for 3.5
chassis was designed around the extreme
retrieval tasks and remains largely
unchanged from last year they consists
of a main structural member cut from 2
inch square tubing that runs the length
of the chassis and two custom seat
channel beams that contain suspension
help the rover runs on a 720 watt hour
lithium-ion battery pack providing ample
power for each competition task 5
cameras face in various directions to
give the driver sufficient visibility at
all times these provide multiple
close-ups of the end effector and
wide-angle views of the arm and rover
the rover ease is a set of 900 megahertz
Ubiquiti radios to provide multiple
video streams as well as rover commands
allowing maximum propagation across
terrain a pair of five DVI dipole
antennas are mounted high on the rover
while the base station uses a one and
twenty degree directional antenna with a
13 decibel gain the base station runs a
custom graphical application built with
WX Python for viewing Rover camera
streams and monitoring and controlling
the rover it features a navigation
system to display the position of the
rover in real time from transmitted GPS
coordinates and a configurable control
system enabling operation of the rover
with a pair of gamepad controllers we
focused on improving our computer vision
and navigation software for the
travursel mission during navigation the
rover uses an onboard GPS and
accelerometer magnetometer to precisely
determine its position and orientation
OpenCV analyzes the image and depth data
from a stereoscopic camera to determine
obstacles in hazardous terrain and
identify competition markers our
pathfinding system uses a record of
encountered obstacles to calculate the
most direct path to a waypoint
coordinate the arm design drew
inspiration from a number of industrial
sources the shoulder is powered by a
200-pound linear actuator minimizing any
moment forces in the upper arm the elbow
uses a thirty to one or impaired
transmission that provides smooth
predictable motion this design allows
the forum to be opposite from the upper
arm to gain 360 degrees of freedom we
elected to use a warm gear on the wrist
along with a unique and effective design
that is able to rotate continuously
without the use of slip rings the end
effector utilizes a gripper and a
screwdriver system to accomplish the
extreme retrieval and equipment
servicing tasks 3 DC motors and a linear
actuator provide a clamping force of 13
pound-feet in a range of two and a half
inches with precision control of nine
hundredths of an inch paired with the
robotic arm the end effector has a five
axis range of motion the main axis is
controlled via a worm drive gearbox
minimizing power draw a 3d printed
enclosure prevents dust from entering
their gearbox and belt drive systems the
replaceable pads on the turbo are
designed for versatility allowing the
rover to grow up items enter commands on
a keyboard and operate a joystick both
Philips head and allen key screwdrivers
are mounted to the end effector and
operated by the same motor to save
weight two cameras provide first-person
views of the jaws and screwdriver
attachments with three laser pointers to
aid in operator control a science plan
encompasses a combined approach that
includes visual observations an array of
sensors and wet lab chemistry to
identify signs of life a camera scans
the area for presence of animals
metabolic wastes tracks microbial mats I
am standing on surfaces due to microbial
metabolic
tivities and fossils rocks and minerals
are observed for signs of endo lithic
organisms soil samples are analyzed with
a variety of sensors including
spectroscopy and gas detection and a tad
aluminum mixture to observe luminescence
levels to determine presence of
oxidizers including hemoglobin proteins
urine feces copper or iron this
concludes our 2020 URC SAR submittal we
appreciate your consideration and look
forward to seeing you at the Mars desert
Research Station
