the University of Alaska Anchorage is
proud to submit our system acceptance
review video for consideration by the
University Rover challenge judges panel
UA a robotics returned to this challenge
for its second year with the support of
many local donors and professional
organizations special thanks goes out to
Dean Barlow at her College of
Engineering the University Technology
Council BP Alaska Airlines Michael baker
international the aviation technology
complex and many more corporate and
private donors UA a robotics divided
into teams dedicated to each subsystem
track the competition requirements and
develop task lists the design phase of
this project involved performing FBA on
mechanical structures optimizing the
electrical system around competition
parameters and rapid prototyping with 3d
printing after parts tools and materials
were purchased we began the build phase
working through problems and testing
systems as they came together chassis
and suspension designs are centered on
the extreme retrieval tasks the
rocker-bogie and four-wheel independent
suspension systems were developed in
parallel and are being tested to
determine the most effective design the
minimal weight of the chassis and
suspension relative to the
high-performance brushless DC hub motors
gives our rover a low center of gravity
improving stability over all terrain we
are also expanding our capabilities by
building components from carbon fiber
Sanders composite layouts though much of
our Rover uses 6061 aluminum chosen for
its strength to weight ratio and
durability to environmental changes the
rover uses a set of 900 megahertz
Ubiquiti radios to carry multiple video
streams while maintaining maximum
propagation through obstacles to five
DVI dipole antennas are mounted high on
the rover while the base station has a
120 degree directional antenna with a 13
decibel gain five cameras facing various
directions to give drivers sufficient
visibility at all times these provide a
close-up of the end effector and
wide-angle views of the arm and rover to
operate and monitor the rover we
developed a custom base station
application using QT this application
provides a graphical user interface to
display the rover status camera feeds
and navigation data as well as a
configurable input system that enables
operation of the rover using a pad
controllers streaming over the Rovers on
or cameras is accomplished through
GStreamer allowing us to transmit up to
four simultaneous camera feeds at 480p
for autonomous navigation we utilize the
Zed stereoscopic camera in conjunction
with OpenCV to analyze terrain for
obstacles and identify waypoint markers
using terrain data gathered from the
stereo camera and the Rovers on poor GPS
we developed a path finding system that
incorporates obstacle avoidance and
finding the most efficient path between
waypoints depth sensing and computer
vision for object recognition allows the
rover to effectively find and track a
tennis-balls proximity with high
precision the arm design drew
inspiration from a number of industrial
sources our shoulder is powered by a
200-pound linear actuator minimizing any
moment forces in the upper arm while our
elbow is powered by a three and a half
foot pound motor and a thirty two one
worm gear transmission resulting in
smooth predictable motion and over a
hundred foot-pounds of available torque
this design also allows the forearm to
be offset from the upper arm to gain a
full 360 degrees of freedom a machined
aluminum prototype is undergoing testing
and refinement before the final design
is built out of carbon fiber this year's
end effector utilizes two encoded DC
motors with the L 12 micro linear
actuator allowing for a six axis range
of motion with minimal complexity
structural components will be made of
CNC mill 6061 aluminum while the low
stress members will be composed of 3d
printed ABS the jaws have a range of two
and a half inches with precision control
down to nine hundredths of an inch in a
clamping force of 13 pounds the jaws
have been modeled so they may be bolted
onto the sands attachment this
attachment will house an auger for Sol
extraction and containment and two
probes for the science cache task
this year's Rover has been designed not
only for traversal based functionality
but also for scientific analysis it is
equipped to take readings of barometric
pressure temperature and relative soil
humidity at the sample location by
rotating a camera above the chassis we
will take a high-definition panoramic
shot of the surroundings and a camera
mounted on the end of the arm we'll
provide detailed imaging of the direct
sample site through analysis of the
stratigraphic profile surrounding the
sample site we'll be able to deduce
details about the geologic history of
the area our off-site science experiment
suite has been streamlined for
efficiency to meet the time constraints
in addition to a pH test chemical dyes
that react with L
mental compounds in the soil will test
for nitrogen phosphorus and potassium
this concludes our 2018 URC SARC middle
we appreciate your consideration and
look forward to seeing you at the Mars
desert Research Station
you
