[Music]
great moments are born from great
opportunities at the UCL rover team we
have been working tirelessly since last
September to seize the opportunity to
compete in the University Rover
challenge we have pushed the limits of
our knowledge to create the first ever
Mars rover in the history of UCL the
suspension of the rover consists of a
modified rocker-bogie mechanism the two
shock absorbers integrated within a
differential bar to minimize the dynamic
loads we expect to face in the USC
competition tasks the chassis has been
designed in two sections with the front
end designed to accommodate the robotic
arm and a rear bay to house all
electronics and hardware in a safe and
protective environment for the power and
drive system we are using six lithium
polymer batteries delivering power to
six brushless DC motors the high current
supplied would be perfect for rover
during a competition were faced with
rough terrains for the control system we
developed a in-house channel switching
technique which allows us to control the
multiple subsystems with minimal
disruptions multiple microcontrollers
are used to ensure the effectiveness of
the system and of the entire Rover
[Music]
autonomous system uses robotic operating
system with GPS navigation obstacle
boarders and tennis ball detection
functions firstly we obtain the current
and desired GPS coordinates from GPS
interface and send them to her lover
once the rover has received this
coordinates
Aaron know his location navigate a cell
to the desired location along the way of
traveling to the desired location the
rover will avoid obstacles through war
zones such as LOM and common theatres
collected from depth camera we have
offset the light of depth camera to
black and white because the strong
sunlight in the competition creates many
morons once the rover arrives at the
desired location I will turn around
until it detects the tennis balls
through cafe debris and tries to worse
to it until it stops at a safe distance
our arm has five degrees of freedom with
the load-bearing joints being controlled
by worm gears and stepper motors we
chose stepper motors for four out of
five joints coupled with a worm drive
system as they provide good holding
position and high gearing ratio inverse
kinematics model have been embedded into
the control system to precisely point
the end effector to the desired location
durability of joints and links have been
checked using finite element analysis
and gears have been specially designed
to extend the loads the arm can easily
be the assemble you are not needed to
lighten the rover and make it more
modern
you
[Music]
in term of science cash tax the aims for
these tasks are to determine the
potential of sustaining microbial life
GOG of the site and microbes life
detection these are done by Rover
science testing and laboratory tests our
Rover science testing involves the use
of temperature and soil moisture sensors
that will be attached to the dream and
microscopic images to determine the soil
structure for e33 our site selection
criteria is mud cracks or surfaces with
the least number of rocks and evidence
of past water activity meanwhile our lab
tests consist of soy pH test elemental
chemical test and lipid emotion tests as
our plant biological life detection sa
the science module will be attachment to
a special housing which holds both the
drill and the census we will be using an
auger to collect this sample which will
be held in a carbon fiber container
before getting transferred into the
airtight containers on board the rover
for further testing the housing will
then switch to the sensor module to be
inserted into the hole dark earlier to
gather the respective data from the
census for analysis
