my name is Constantine and I'm excited
to announce the 2019 UCL Mars rover we
are a new team interdisciplinary
undergraduates from mechanical and
electrical engineering computer science
and Natural Sciences this year we have
expanded our team to 22 members as well
as the diversity of stem background we
have worked hard on developing a new
robot arm science gasps and the new
autonomous system and control system the
team is divided into Sigma teams that
are aligned with the tasks of the
competition with its 15 tackling
specific challenges our suspension uses
a rocker-bogie mechanism which involves
a shock absorber through differential
bar this allows us to meet dynamic load
requirements by the URC tasks the arm
and drill to be housed securely within
the chassis both during operation and
emotion our current wheels are made of
fiberglass crimson strips provide enough
traction and suspension while remaining
lightweight we are also currently
experimenting with balloon tires as an
alternative this year for a new robotic
arm design we are using a system of
linear actuators and motors which
enabled us to have five degrees of
freedom for our robotic arm with the use
of our custom aluminum sheets and 3d
printed parts they're able to get a net
weight of 9.5 kilograms which is an
almost 25 percent improvement to last
year's decide for the gripper mechanism
this year we are using screw system
which not only enables us to have better
reliability but also enables us to
maintain better accuracy for the system
our body found this year has to perform
many challenges such as lifting 5 kg
weights with the handle diameters of 5
centimeters tightening and loosening
screws with a screwdriver typing on
keyboard etc we have optimized a gripper
and arm design to ensure the best
results in all these challenges the
implementation of the robotic arm
control system is completed in two
stages through first use Adreno to
ensure we have a robust power and drive
system for the motors and actually this
and the robotic arm with earth
reconnected leads on to an MVP adjacent
EXO module where we were able to use
robot operating system and move eight
motion planning framework to achieve
real-time control
of the robotic arm with six degrees of
freedom Musial Mars rover uses an
autonomous planner running on the
pixhawk system based on the i0 thermal
package an extended Kalman filter is
used to combine position estimates from
the inertial measurement unit and GPS
receiver we subsequently informed
slammed planner running to avoid
obstacles on the way to achieve PS
location at the GPS location we then
turn on said camera which uses a depth
detection algorithm and optical object
recognition using Yolo neural net in
order to detect tennis ball and move
towards the final endpoint in order to
detect obstacles along the route a
series of automotive-grade radars
operating the 77 gigahertz band are used
these sensors are able to detect a
target of 0.5 meters squared
RCS approximately the size of a toddler
whilst traveling at up to 70 miles an
hour at ranges of updates and meters the
rover communicates with ground control
station across three separate radio
links main telemetry link is provided on
a 433 megahertz channel this is used to
relay all the major telemetry data from
the rover to the ground control station
as well as to pass waypoints and other
commands directly to the idler over
system for our science system we decided
to use a nificant mechanism because of
the accuracy of the ova when we dig
underneath the ground to collect soil
the oberg collect samples of soil which
then passes through the filter and is
mixed with solvents before dropping
Internet tests use these test tubes are
placed in a rotating plate where on one
side a spectrometer is used and on the
other side dyes can be added we hope to
find other materials like limestone or
structures like fossils that indicate
past or present life the soil analysis
starts with basic tasks like pH humidity
connectivity and temperature these tests
are imported to look at the chances of
tiny life but also for a main test new
field lights for country here we will
look for structures in the absorption
spectrum that indicate life like nad
carotenoids and flavonoids we will also
use some fluorescent dyes for
nucleotides
paths and wonders indicates enzyme at 60
we have showcased the rubber at various
events our level University
to load student and teachers on the
opening event of the Unison student
central with illustrated our robber
which has impressed Avengers with the
innovation within the UC a rocker chick
uh no mechanical engineering Knights our
robot has performed by offering a flower
to the gene of mechanical engineering
department the rubber has had a good
influence on promoting engineering
innovation and creativity our College
[Music]
you
[Music]
