we are you see a letter an
interdisciplinary activity when
University College lower this year we
have a new workspace and YouTube
structure we have expanded our team to
over 14 members which are divided into
chassis robotic arm science cache
control autonomy and metals from
previous years experiences at Peapod we
have completely redesigned our browser
to be smarter and more sustainable after
many hours of hard work we are proud to
announce positive for University of Iowa
challenge 2011 our Rover has been
designed with a higher level of
functionality maintainability modularity
and retain ability than ever before this
allows for future development of
subsystems and incorporation of
instrumentation without having to start
from ground up the timeline will
schedule taking into account associated
risk cost and time restrictions with a
project with a systems target set out
based on our team's resources team
structure and our predecessors
experiences all subsystems are designed
developed tested and approved upon
concurrently at a subsystem level this
is done so by 8s ports which simulate
competition tasks a Shasti utilizes
multiple aluminium extrusions which are
then connected via angle brackets what
this allows us is to easily accommodate
different subsystems and move them in
order to achieve a desired position of
the center of mass this design also
gives us complete modularity in a sense
that we can disassemble or assemble the
chassis at any given time
our current representative attends a
previous suspension while enhances
pension is being assembled we are using
a modified rocker-bogie suspension
system that incorporates swivel steering
and suspension exactly through rotate
which are done by shock absorbers
this allows us to take impacts on jobs
and at the same time restrict toppling
the rover's drive system is composed of
truckstop brushless DC motors
thirty two thousand rpm with maximum
gearbox is very reduction ratio of
seventy-four to one this ensures that
the rower can run at a maximum speed of
two meters per second at any given task
there are pressure pneumatic wheels with
added treads enables max transmission of
torque without slipping
they also damped vibration preventing
damage to onboard electronics design of
a robotic arm focuses on having the
capabilities to perform all the required
tasks in the competition for being as
lightweight as possible
using three millimeter laser-cut and for
the aluminum the structure is both rigid
and light weariness practical of the arm
uses linear actuators to use the design
geometry and its favour thus reducing
the force required and the weights in
other places with design uses geared
steppers to limit the effect of a dusty
environment into further fiber movements
or joints used slewing rings the 3d
printed gripper as I mentioned to carry
biggest competition items while also
being capable of intricate tasks such as
typing forearm as a whole can lift up to
five kilograms with a safety factor of
two and can reach around the board over
the rover communicates with gun control
station across three separated radio
links over two frequency bands chosen to
a long line of sight operation and a
high downlink for Friday then connects
to the Nvidia Jackson's tx2 module which
allow us to use robot operating system
and move in motion planning framework to
achieve real-time control of the robotic
arm and science cache traction control
is available on all rails and steerable
rails give us more precise control on
the road
particularly on rough terrain the rover
uses an autonomous planner running
optical system at the GPS location we
use the front-facing camera with a deaf
and optical object recognition algorithm
through the use of OpenCV to detect the
AR tag and autonomously move to a
proposal in order to detect obstacle
along the path a series of
automotive-grade and radar might use
operating a77 technical facts these
sensors are available to detect target
of 0.5 meters whereas yes while
traveling it up to 70 miles per hour and
ranges of up to 80 meters for the
science - Vinnie around ads will be used
to lower and raise the science cut
relative to the road being so this is
top of the my drilling conditions an
organ will be used to dig so from the
ground the soil things called in a
thesis located at the bottom of a
science cache both the vertical motion
of the water and the sand cache itself
will be driven by a Reedsburg the main
goal of the science - is the determine
the status of life accidents extinct or
presence using units absorption
spectroscopy will be targeting specific
bio signatures such as DNA proteins and
isolates their combined presence or
absence will give is an excellent
indication as to the status of life at
designated sites specific chemicals will
allow us to highlight the signal
associated with the various bio
signatures in addition to this who'll be
using a variety of throws give us an
understanding or composition of the soil
you
