hi and welcome to UCO roller
[Music]
leaving our wearable suspension behind
we went to a motorsport great carbon
fiber rocker Boogie suspension achieving
significant weight savings our Roku
Boogie is the only versatile but it also
ensures other Motors are protected
thanks to the robust model holders which
eliminate the chance of Auto spinning
since the retire grip and processed
machine intolerances our sixth wheels
are the same trusted low pressure tires
which work their necessary dumping to
the system allowing Terror to inaugurate
through a difficult terrain whilst
maintaining high levels of grip the
remote control driving operations are
performed through 900 megahertz of
frequency using ibus communication
protocols and allow for precise control
things are embedded speed reduction
control is done in Vector space Link in
our speed controls the complexity and
active function allowing for easy
conversion within human and computer
control the science cache of the mini
lap which has mechanical and chemical
s in order to detect the presence of
organic life this explained to two
aspects when the Rover is over the
design location the drill section here
activates and retrieves soil sample and
deposits it into the testing ration over
here
the testing Trails placed on a linear
rail which will help it move underneath
an array of sensors to measure the
sample's acidity temperature and
humidity
then it will progressively move under
five burets containing organic solvents
to extract the organic material
and the soil will then be discarded
the sample will then be sent for
analysis under the onboard spectrometer
this year the UCL Rover is equipped with
a new modular 5 degree of Freedom
robotic arm which is driven by three DC
motors once the promoter and a linear
actuator each joint is equipped with an
individual PID controller ensuring the
size position control with minimal error
within 0.1 degrees of the desired
position the joystick interface
facilities accurate control of the arm
and is capable of switching between
controlling and Cartesian and Joint
spaces providing operator with a
seamless and intuitive control
experience
real-time control using the joystick
allows all required competition tasks to
be performed with ease Additionally the
incorporation with their inverse
kinematics algorithm enables rapid
movement of the end effector to its
desired position and orientation
major weight savings have been achieved
by using carbon fiber tubes rather than
the aluminum plates from last year we
have strategically shifted a large
portion of the weight of the arm towards
the elbow so that the linear motor at
the base takes most of the load
the other linear motor from last year
has been replaced by a DC motor combined
with a cycloidal gearbox again saving
weight
the 19 to 1 reduction cycloidal Drive
was manufactured in-house with CNC
machined aluminum parts
3D printed parts were used where finite
element analysis deemed the loads low
enough to do so Type 4 m is controlled
by motor Mountain on top of the elbow
bracket allowing the 350 degree range of
motion
an inner tube is inside of this forearm
providing the movement transmission from
the DC motor located behind the elbow to
the wrist pitch this reduced the load
towards the end effector thereby
improving the effectiveness of our elbow
joints the gripper is also presented
with an improved design a set of bevel
gears was installed to enable a 180
degree range of motion for the wrist
pitch tripling the dexterity of this
joints compared to last year
the autonomous system for the broke our
goal is to navigate globally in 3D space
between the target GPS coordinates it
would in the local absorb obstacles
before we discuss how the navigation
works it's worth to mention the mapping
we use firstly we have a global map
which is constructed by analyzing the
gradients from the satellite imagery
secondly we have the logo map which is
constructed by running the slam and
switching RGB Point clouds that are
extracted with onboard that that camera
we use GPS to notify the location of the
robot but we also fuse the local map we
obtain in real time and the pre-loaded
global map to reduce the uncertainty of
GPS only localization
the fuse map alongside the reading
uncertainty is available to other nodes
and acts as a single source of Truth for
path planning to navigate the between
the points we initially use a global
planner to identify the trajectory then
the local planner that given the cost
map and the trajectory outputs the
precise commands to the driving system
as a backbone forward navigation stack
we use Vox snap but we have extended
with custom trained reinforcement
learning algorithm that evaluates the
risk behind each trajectory taking
account the certainty of the fuse map
the specific to Rainbow driving and the
labs time in route finally we're using
the folks lab to assess and intervene in
the Rover made decision in real time UCL
Rover uses different means of protection
fuses sensors relays in conjunction with
a kill switch then the distribution
system to ensure that the roller
operates in a safe Manner and when
required is able to safely seize
operation
