hi welcome to macspace and this is uclr
this year's focus was to redesign the
robot suspension as in previous years we
have kept the rocket boogie system as
versatile easy to maintain and
relatively light
the main changes are in structural
structs which are now mean of the
perpendicular aluminum tubes these
lights be welded into elementary machine
bushings the enemy in a baltimore
assembly increases the strength and
allows us to achieve a reduced weight of
4 kilograms per second
furthermore a complete redesign of the
suspension differential was made in
order to eliminate the spring converting
the system from the motion limiting two
pivot system into a one pivot system
which allows the rover to correctly
tackle up to 45 degrees inclines in
every direction
once again major weight savings were
achieved thanks to the use of aluminum
and topological analysis
thus confirming a total weight of just
under 10 kilograms rfa simulation was
conducted for every part of the
suspension in order to ensure it could
withstand the weight of the rover with a
minimum state factor of 2.5 a weight
reduction of 33 was achieved if we
continue working our way down the rover
we'll find the motor casings which have
been redesigned to fix the candidates
found during earlier competitions and
testing
inside of them are two kilowatt motors
with maximum rpm of 32 000 are housed
they are connected to 74 to 1 planetary
gearboxes which will increase the amount
of torque our motors can deliver
software changes were implemented to
reduce skidding pid controllers ensure
that the change in torque is not
instantaneous which could damage the
gearbox and result in complete loss of
brick moreover torquers were used to
reduce sensitivity and a new button has
been added to half the speed of the
motors which allows for precise control
this has also been implemented in the
robotic arm which now has three
different speed modes allowing for
various controls aiming for fast
movement and correct precision our five
axis arm is currently operated by two
linear motors and three stepper motors
the three millimeter aluminum structure
was kept from previous years whilst our
gripper has been completely redesigned
it is now less bulky less heavy and
stronger furthermore is more efficient
due to the simplification of the
mechanics and now uses the warm gear
meaning that the safety gripper is now
only determined by most
the new addition to the mobility arm is
our z2 camera
stereo camera from its vision you can
create a three-dimensional environment
around the world
making the manipulation much easier to
accomplish
the robotic arm can be controlled using
reverse kinematics and of optical
avoidance control performed by movement
packages or by our rc controller our
rover will be powered by six fourteen
volts ten thousand milliampere graphene
batteries which would efficiently power
our motors and give them the
capabilities to work at full throttle
for more than three hours furthermore
one last 12 volt 5000 millimeter battery
will power our serial nx our science
cache and also our robotic arm this
science cache module consists of a mini
lab equipped with the necessary
mechanical system and chemical assays to
collect soil samples and assess the
presence of organic materials the mini
lab is separated into two sections one
on-board elevator equipped with a drill
and another section containing the soil
analysis equipment with these two
sections the rover can retrieve source
samples as well as autonomously prepare
them for analysis
once the rover reaches the desired
location the drill sub-section of the
science cache is activated and the lift
carries a drilling subsystem to the
ground and also retracts it back into
the science cache
the sample is deposited into the testing
tray which is placed on the linear rail
the tray is first moved under an array
of sensors including ph temperature and
humidity sensors for preliminary testing
then it moves progressively into five
burettes containing organic solvents to
extract organic material and the soil
would then be discarded vibration is
induced on the tray to break up organics
which will be then sent for analysis and
their spectrometer
two radio antennas will be used for
communications
one 2.4 gigahertz antenna will be used
for video feed whilst the 900
megahertz frequency will be used for
telemetry and control
as you can see our card design greatly
differs from our current variable yet
stay reassured despite delays in
delivery manufacture we are striving to
have a fully renewed rover before the
end of march
this will be done by our precision
equipment
available in our labs the toner's
navigation test will source odometry
from a gps receiver and our stair camera
which has an accelerometer joined
together with stereo slam capabilities
that we have tested our rust navigation
package should be able to perform
greatly an autonomous navigation
challenge we're using the justice
algorithms an extended common filter for
efficient pathfinding and noise
resistant odometry
this has been ucl rover team thanks for
listening
