we're the University of Iowa Robotics
Club we've been working on this Rover
for about a year and a half our team's
broken down into three sections
mechanical science and systems the
wheels are equipped with positives which
are coupled to the motor shaft transmit
torque attached to each wheel via tons
of El Sistema motor
allowing for accurate rotation on either
side of the robot the suspension system
is connected through a differential mark
so when one side raises the other side
will compensate to keep the chassis
level the frame consists of 20 20
extruder will come in the slots of the
extrusion plastic composite plates were
fitted with weather stripping to protect
the system's devices from exile debris
another primary focus of the mechanical
team this year with the design and
implementation of the robotic arm for
our over the task of heavy object
lifting we first started by calculating
forces using five kilogram maximum then
we used water jet aluminum plates on the
sides using an oval shape for proper
load distribution we's had to use
stepper motors as opposed to DC motors
or linear actuators as they would be
more accurate and like be able to
precisely manipulate objects very
competition design a stepper driven and
six degrees of freedom with this hand
will be able to do many tasks including
picking up small objects such as
screwdrivers moving switches
we made use of any 3d printed parts in
our design for our lightweight for the
design flexibility a normal feature of
our arm is a skirt tensioning 3d printed
motor mounts these allow us to quickly
easily make the belts that drive the
joints we utilize inverse kinematics and
pertinent turnaround imposition also a
CNN coated intensive was used to assist
this model through optical
identification of department
these methods are correlated together
it's you to be in office or the soil
retrieval process we wanted an
attachment to brush the soil
3d printed brush adapters that operate
on the arm in addition to that there
will be a tube that collects the soil
for enforcement
once a sample is collected inside of the
chamber we were able to analyze it for
means of rava spectroscopy which looks
at a variety of different pods that can
be present in the sample as well as we
are able to analyze the three use of
staining methods and coalescence that
are currently used in biochemical
research such as gram staining for a
Titan or a variety different amino acids
and on top of all of that we have a
separate station which is actually a
weather station that seems to measure
barometric pressure wind speed humidity
UV light intensity as well as
temperature we use our OS robotics
operating system in C C++ and Python
also tensorflow is used through issue
MATLAB is used to coordinate multiple
sensors together we test our code on an
introvert ensuring the efficiency of our
team by allowing them to work on the
main Rover as they need our program
using GPS coordinates and athletes to
squirt nets on top it recognizes
insurance
ehh assassination check-in correcting a
suppose in autonomous the robot will
determine the location of the meeting
through a pass party the GUI is broken
down into three different portions the
business and put different core
components into the robot the general
and Pacific coordinates depending on how
far along into the economy traversal we
are as for the science portion we use
the GUI to interact with the different
instruments on the robot to get
telemetry data back from the science
instruments and to interact with them to
use them to collect soil samples or the
tele operationally we use it to get to
Luigi data back from the robot as well
as upgrade different paths that we would
not want to before controller for
communications our Rover uses am radios
with automatic frequency and encryption
switching for sending over simple
commands real-time Rover control and
camera feeds are fed through a blade RF
software-defined radio system built in
Python the rover will be powered by six
lipo batteries in parallel and 14
usually power the controllers for the
motors there will be four stepper motors
or DC meters there were also be PCB
designs current power distribution
computers
well the University of Iowa or brightest
clubs made a lot of progress with last
year we've a plan for the next two
months to interfere were able to create
the highest level in competition the
chemical team will manufacture the Armen
implement inverse pneumatic system the
science team will combine their
instrumentation with Newham teams
champion arm the systems team will work
on software-defined radio for enhanced
motor control and the autonomous team
will develop a PAC money algorithm
utilizing ultrasonic sensors we are uija
robotics
thanks for watching
[Music]
