[Music]
we're the University of Iowa Vermont pub
and we're proud to present our 2018 Mars
rover
in previous years we are part of the
NASA robotics mining competition and
recently we switched over to the u RC
from those experiences of last year we
have learned at the challengers that
come in and do the overhaul our
administration project management and
manufacturing styles to accompany that
view our secrets in order to keep our
hearts economical
utilize standard manufacturing processes
for basic geometries of load-bearing
devices and then combine that with
Manufacturing for the complex geometries
[Music]
successful
last year over
and
the rest of the frames
we opted for increased mobility
each child is independently driven by
Stuber
installed in the suspension the
suspension arts are connected to the
frame also fabricated by over large
obstacles to be successful at the
extremes Google and equipment servicing
tasks we design unify the degree of
freedom armed with some several key
features the first one is our group will
pick them off the shelf record of its
our design our wrist motion is achieved
by a bevel differential gear system that
is powered by two planetary gear stepper
motors this allows get two degrees of
freedom both translation and rotation on
them our frame design to the other was
driven by a rich bubble to make sure the
arm SMS motion can touch the ground we
also included a swappable forearm so we
can complete both these dust and the
science can change all the components
will be powered by inverse kinematics to
achieve of precision and smoothness in
control and our industry advisory firm
world we've gotta consider that process
the drill functions to be any
combination of a feedback meter actuator
and standard drill motor the feedback
allows us to keep track of the depth
that we're going into the ground and the
motor has an auger style drill bit
attached to it that allows us to collect
and rise the dirt into our
the system in our onboard analysis
system we will be utilizing a microscope
as well as a temperature and humidity
sensor will also be running a UV
analysis and determining the capacitance
and resistance of the soil that we are
collecting and while we are running this
analysis we will be controlling what we
are dumping versus collecting through
the usage of a actuating flash in our
collection system as part of our
the weather station complete with
sensors for temperature humidity
pressure UV index wind speed and wind -
this progress in life - won't forget
various mineral available we are using C
C++ and Python in an Intel look that
tends to enhance the various on the
notes than the Arduino control the motor
controllers an interesting thing about
our team is how we recognize tennis
balls instead of using algorithmic based
recognition we use machine learning we
have cafe and Nvidia open source video
library we have several FCC license
members that develop three distinct
communication
the first communication protocol is over
the 2-litre been for the utilizing plow
fans and slow data connection our
secondary and a communication protocol
is open at 900 megahertz band for RC
control and finally we're utilizing
amateur television protocols over an SDR
for video streaming this system coupled
with a base station antenna that follows
the brokers GPS bearings allows for
robust communications
to prepare for the competition we will
put all components under rigorous
testing and analysis to date this has
included FBA models theoretical
calculations variable environment drive
adjust we will also train on the arm
using a play board and outdoor tests the
drill will be exposed to various soil
environments and the control systems and
autonomy will undergo simulated URC
tasks all of our systems will be pushed
to their limits so we can address issues
now rather than in the desert
[Music]
you
