we are the University of Iowa of
robotics club over the last year we
brought together a diverse group of
students to design and build our new
rover fueled by our knowledge and
contacts gained from participating in
the Canadian International Rover
challenge during August to 2019 we've
brought on promising new members to aid
in overhauling the entire Rover from
mechanics to control and we believe this
is positioned us to be a competitive
team for this year's University Rover
challenge a previous chassis had an
extruded aluminum frame with two rockers
and four wheels warp drive at the sea
IRC we experienced a lack of precise
maneuverability traction and impact
resistance so this year we developed a
new six wheel three rocker suspension
drivetrain Russian DC motors power six
ten inch diameter carbon fiber wheels
which were formed in-house using 3d
printed molds with rubber treads for
traction motor housings are made of
water jetted 6061 aluminum plates
affixed to rockers made of square
carbon-fiber tubing for adequate impact
resistant the frame is made of hand
welded sixteenth inch square aluminum
tubing to provide sufficient strength
without being too heavy bearings on the
frame allow for free rotation of the
rockers we designed a modular
electronics box with stacked plates that
can be removed using sliding rails to
allow for easy access and more space
housed in our systems boxes our Jetson
this year we've switched over to using
an Nvidia Jetson tx2 is our central
hardware component allowing us to run
all program execution and communication
through one module it uses an i2c
connector to control up to sixteen PWM
signals which then control our
sabertooth motor controllers the jetsons
also useful in deploying computer vision
for autonomous traversal and gate
recognition when combined with our intel
realsense camera which is equipped with
an inertial measurement unit and stereo
depth perception to communicate with our
rover we'll use an off-the-shelf a
channel fpv transmitter receiver pair
designed for video transmission it
operates in the 900 megahertz range and
can switch frequencies remotely simple
commands are sent received using baofeng
uv5 our transceivers and real-time
driving is controlled with a free sky
Tyrannis did
telemetry radio system to navigate will
use a GPS sensor to provide the primary
path algorithm with enough data to get
the depth camera into range of the goal
the camera will continuously update our
path and maneuver around obstacles when
in range the our CNN will localize the
goal and steer the rover accordingly our
autonomous scripts are written in Python
with Karis tensorflow and various other
robotics specific packages Carris is
used to train the RCN and to localize
and recognize objects from various
images taken by our camera for the rest
of the software side the different
functions of our robot are controlled by
a network of Ross nodes written mostly
in Python data enters the network from
scripts managing a GPS unit camera and
remote control inputs from our
communication system from there ross
publishes the remote control input to
our wheel arm and hand nodes our newly
designed arm will be mounted low and on
the front of our chassis two 30 inch
carbon-fiber tubing lengths will provide
our over with plenty reach and six
degrees of freedom gives our arm great
versatility the prisms at the middle and
base joints will be made from cnc
aluminum and they'll use encoded DC
motors with 2701 worm gear drive the
wrist uses differential gearing via
three bevel gears driven by two DC
motors a parallel gripper driven by a DC
motor connects to water jetted aluminum
grippers when swapped with the parallel
gripper we use a 3/4 inch stubby
wood-boring bit and decided to bazaar
drill the sharpened tube we'll have a
ring that forces the sample out of the
tube when the drills were first falling
soil samples from the drill on board
tests will be conducted to determine the
presence of life first the soil sample
will be deposited on a dish and immersed
in distilled water then soil particles
will be filtered out of the water soil
solution and separated into test tubes
where reagent will be added for
biomolecules will be tested for complex
carbohydrates simple sugars proteins and
lipids an onboard camera will take a
picture of our test tubes for our
science team to analyze mounted on the
side of our over will be our 3d printed
kits to prevent spills and
cross-contamination
in the coming months the chassis team or
replace our aluminum rockers with
carbon-fiber tubing add rubber tread to
our wheels and complete the electronics
enclosure the arm team will assemble the
wrist and an CNC prisms with the carbon
fiber tubing systems team will implement
our long-range wireless communications
into Ross apply autonomous terrain
traversal with drive control and create
a GUI to simplify Rover operation
lastly the science team will test our
for biomarker essays and we'll combine
the test kits with the rover for field
testing we'll be testing and integrating
all of our Rover subsystems and
competition like scenarios such as by
creating an our manipulation board in a
terrain traversal challenge course we
are the University of Iowa robotics club
thanks for watching
