International University welcomes you to
the system acceptance review of our
Maven for University local challenge
2022 despite the challenges posed by
Kobe restrictions our multidisciplinary
team of 17 members from diverse
backgrounds have been working hard
remotely as well as on campus to develop
Maven from absolute square with the
division of six sub teams the team has
followed a modified scrum methodology to
develop reliable subsystems and ensure
modularity we also evaluated truly in
competition like environments to achieve
the necessary evidence for ERC 2022
suspension with a four level games
differential mechanism has been
implemented to observe both anterior and
rare impact we conducted a finite limit
analysis to check the stability of our
chassis subsystem using Ace adaptivity
machine topology the robot has been
developed with the improved manual
capability that include concrete
horizontal movement and rotational
accuracy on the export to evaluate the
robot for the extreme retrable and
delivery Mission we have designed
multiple courses that include strain and
objects similar to what we expect to see
in the compression Justice going up a
stripped incline traversing over brick
rocks Gracie fields and sand surfaces
rocky area yes step incline and particle
drops the arm of the robot is also
capable of quick and easy manipulation
of both heavy and light object like
throwing and lifting a 7kg payload with
rope picking up a small object such as
screwdriver hammer various shifts and
drops six digit of Freedom arm is
capable of opening a drawer and
inserting a cache on it moreover it has
gained the capability to profit
sophisticated talks like inserting a USB
drive handling electrical socket push
button flip switch turning a knob typing
on a keyboard and tightening of a screw
the in-house Cyclone transmission along
with a semi differential wrist mechanism
have increased effective precision and
reduce the overall mass of the arm our
interfactor is capable of grabbing
object of various mass and geometrical
shapes successfully with extent and
precision the arm has been evoluted
slowly on a configurable render to acid
compression Readiness in the equipment
servicing machine the autonomous
navigation system has been developed
with the help of robotic operation
systems Ross running on Nvidia Jetson NX
by involving computer vision and GPS
data the Rover makes strategic planning
decisions to Traverse GPS waypoints
using customized slam algorithm
localization of the body alongside the
global and local planner has been
implemented using generated Cloud points
of depth sensing camera to Traverse the
objective GPS accuracy has been
rigorously tested and extended Kalman
filter has been implemented to filter
the integrate the sensor data Maven can
successfully identify the IDS and
distances of air tags relative to the
Rover and can determine the
directionality and the center of the
gate using carrot navigation approach
Maven can align itself between the post
and pass through the gates in current
direction we have developed test courses
that imitate the actual autonomous
Mission and evaluate promise of the
developed algorithm we build a 6 series
high density pack using 80c56 to provide
24 volts to the robot and a 120 minute
operational time frame enhanced
modularity is implemented using various
S2 pcbs vs design and estimated the
real-time electrical wiring of the Rover
the electronic subsystems focus on the
integration of the core electronics and
embedded systems moreover our custom
power distribution board also prevents
issues such as mismatched battery
voltage and subsystem level shots a kill
switch has been provided for the
Emergency stop of the Rover is equal to
the 2.4 gigahertz
radio communicates with three major
registration antenna from up to three
kilometers away a combination of
omnidirectional and directional
engineers in the base station transmits
a wide range of network sense which is
being received by the omnidirectional
antennas on the Rover's body to
facilitate with the robot's operation
robot activities are being monitored
from various angular perspectives so
using four high resolution cameras and
transmitted to base station with low
latency with an ease to use interface
all available feedback so data from the
Rover can be with confidently with
alternative controls in the developer we
developed a scientific explosion
subsystem that involves a 3dof secondary
manipulator and Analysis chamber to
categorize any soil and rock sample into
extant accent or no present Supply mesh
up multiple and effectors and a circular
scope motion can effectively collect up
to four soil samples preventing any
cross contamination alongside the UV
lights in the funnel the samples are
deposited into three isolated beakers
for the detection of biomolecules with
chemical test which inbox protein using
lean hand insulation lipid using student
resolution and carbon foreign
qualitative color changes are observed
through a camera and the results are
then streamed back to the base station
for immediate evaluation and feedback as
input to our algorithm classifying the
sample into extent extreme and no
present Supply USB microscope feedback
along with the presence of MBS sensors
have been used to detect whether a rock
sample is extant we also developed a
pipeline of multiple binary classified
rock sample without any physical contact
the outcomes of the sensor feedback and
model prediction have been used to
classify a rock sample a full mock test
has been conducted to evaluate the
performance of the sample acquisition
and Analysis process we made in District
timeline to finish early integration to
quickly revised studies that it has been
possible for the modular designs of the
subsystem development goes to initial
parallel unit testing of the code Rover
subsystems we conducted a complete
system verification through irrigation
testing and emphasis mock missions and
Operator Practice to develop a robust
computation strategy several resources
such as a market lenders simulated
martial art has allowed testing the
Rover in university-like conditions
additionally low latency command and
video transmission along with effective
structural Freedom help the operator to
precisely control the robot we are
concerned with our ongoing progress and
confident to demonstrate the capability
of event to succeed in your c2022 thank
you for your consideration on behalf of
the Euro team
