[Music]
hi we present Telos the brand new Rover
of uiu masterova team for the system
acceptance review of URC 2023 our
multidisciplinary team of 28 members
from diverse backgrounds has been
working rigorously to develop Telus with
a significant upgrade of its ancestor
Maven constructed with six sub teams we
have developed reliable and modular
subsystems with adequate quality
assurance over the last 6 months using
last year's experience visiting the mdrs
we've alerted Telos thoroughly in
competition like environments to achieve
Readiness for this year's competition we
revamped the chassis subsystem with our
newly designed Wheels to ensure maximum
suspension and Traction in the
competition terrain the wheels are
completely 3D printed using a
combination of flexible Auto Parts
encircling the rigid inner honeycomb
structure we conducted rigorous tests to
ensure its durability in different
circumstances rocker bogey suspension
with a rear differential bar mechanism
along with a spring tensioner
significantly improved the stability of
Telos ensuring space maximization we
integrated a server driven steering
mechanism for enhanced maneuverability
allowing the to move sideways and pivot
on a single point to evaluate Telos for
the extreme retrieval and delivery
Mission we have designed multiple
courses that include terrain and object
similar to what we experienced last year
such as traversing over a variety of
rocks grassy Fields sand surfaces Rocky
areas Steep inclines and vertical drops
the arm of the Rover is also capable of
quick and easy manipulation of both
heavy and light objects like Towing and
lifting a 7kg payload with rope picking
up a small object such as a screwdriver
hammer and various shapes of Rock
After experiencing challenges with our
previous belt pulling mechanism we have
upgraded to an improved
semi-differential wrist mechanism with a
one is to threes to 9 Gale reduction
ratio 6 degrees of freedom arm is
capable of opening a drawer and
inserting a cache in it
moreover it can perform sophisticated
tasks like inserting a USB drive
handling an electrical socket push
buttons flip switches turning a knob
typing on a keyboard and tightening a
screw our enhanced end deflector allows
the arm to pick up objects having
various geometrical shapes at micro
Precision regardless of the fragility of
the objects
we evaluated the arm thoroughly on a
configurable Lander to achieve
competition Readiness in the equipment
servicing Mission this year the
autonomous navigation system is
redesigned with a vision-based path
planning algorithm with a data-driven
error offset module to improve GPS
navigation using our Jetson NX custom
board we have developed an object
detection algorithm and a deep learning
model to clearly identify obstacles and
Traverse most off-road terrains without
getting stuck using our input from z2i
cloud points Telus make strategic path
planning decisions to Traverse toruko
markers and Nimble Shadow crickets with
our customized Argo tag detection model
specializing in detecting markers from
more than 20 meters distance on reaching
a GPS location the model takes over as
the Rover moves in a circular motion on
detection of a marker it moves to a
three meters vicinity to complete the
navigation we have also developed an
informative dashboard to display
real-time updates on our journey in
addition we developed Icarus an
autonomous multicopter unmanned aerial
vehicle to accompany the Telos on the
autonomous Mission it is capable of
landing on various surfaces beside GPS
navigation it can also detect oracotech
from a 15 meter distance and can create
a strategic path to the Target location
we have implemented a modular circuit
design allowing fast swapping of faulty
components we developed lithium
and better provided operational time
frame of two hours our internal system
monitoring unit and hybrid cooling
mechanism ensure optimal internal
temperature a kill switch has been
implemented for the Emergency stop of
the Rover to achieve real-time data
transmission we use a 1.4 gigahertz
directional and omnidirectional antenna
on the base station to communicate up to
2.5 kilometers with the Rover the easier
for the scientific explosion subsystem
we evaluated amino acids lipids
carbohydrates and chlorophyll to
classify the soil samples into three
Clauses extend extinct and no presence
of life our three degree of Freedom
subsystem can collect and evaluate up to
four soil samples learning from past
experiences we prevented cross
contamination by adding a linear funnel
motion toward the sample storage
qualitative color changes are streamed
back to the base station as the input to
our multiple biomolecule detection based
algorithm USB microscope feedback and
micro volatile organic compound sensors
are utilized to detect an extend rock
sample we also developed a pipeline of
binary classifiers to classify the rock
sample into igneous and fossilitis
classes our neoliberal custom Raman
spectrometer provides us with the
spectral analysis of collected samples
several moctas have been conducted to
validate the efficiency of our developed
algorithm and subsystem robustness we
evaluated Telos in various competition
like environments to ensure solid
preparation of the controllers and
system level fault testing without
thorough preparation we are confident in
our ability to perform well and Achieve
success in the competition our branding
team is working relentlessly to inspire
the next march generation of Bangladesh
through multiple workshops we are also
launching a gaming application where
users can add components with their own
creativity to play with our Rover best
wishes to all the participating team and
hope to see you all in Thanksgiving this
summer
