[Music]
we're the University violet robotics
design team Mars rover division composed
of over 40 students we have access to
our own workspace machine shop TV
printing center and PCB manufacturing
facility our Rover is a complex
arrangement of subsistence including
mobility arm power management
communications controls and science
mechanical sub-team is at the end of a
fresh design cycle that is elevated our
Rovers serviceability modularity and
performance one of our team's strongest
assets is our robust czesc a 2 by 3 foot
frame of welded aluminum is supported by
a differential rocker suspension system
with a maximum speed of 2 meters per
second the rover can surmount obstacles
with suspension that can vary by over a
foot chassis mobility will be improved
in the future via increased wheel
traction the basic search of the line is
similar to the previous design the 5
degrees of freedom plus an end effector
where immigrants are used to maintain
I'm cool as well divide negligible
current electrical cables are rendered
through a hollow turntable shaft and
wrists slippering to prevent tangling
and thereby increase our mobility
designed to keep electronics enclosed
and off the moving joints the arm
features at bottom mounted or drawer to
house all customer on boards the drawer
can be removed independently of the
chassis and offer complete access to
team members performing maintenance or
testing we're in the first stage of a
two-year plan to achieve autonomous
science and claw and effective swapping
to accomplish physical the wrist length
of the arm includes an end effector
interface which has locking camps to
grab end effectors and three locating
pins to allow for 1/8 of an inch
misalignment an inverse kinematics model
is being developed for precise motion
and intuitive operator control the
software team has worked on developing
simulating and integrating the Rovers
autonomous regions the rover is equipped
with several sensors to help it navigate
its environment including a GPS an IMU
visual cameras at a depth camp gazebo
simulation allows us to test our path
planning algorithms on a platform with
representative sensor Suites and
visualize the results in real time
our autonomous navigation is broken into
two stages
willwill planner and local plan our
global planner dissects the route from
start to goal into manageable GPS
checkbox our local path planner analyzes
the occupancy grid generated by the
depth sensor to perform dynamic window a
planning towards the next mobile
check-in in the coming months an
algorithm will be tested to autonomously
search for the tennis ball marker once
the final goals met to detect the tennis
ball an image processing algorithm was
developed using several different
techniques including a color Thresh
holding Noah's reduction and blob
detection teams designed its own PCBs
custom motor controller boards to
control the rivers arm and effector
limit switches and science module the
boards were designed with the common
component library with identical magda
controller behind designations to allow
for more streamlined firmer developments
Electrical debugging on board
communication between the PC and
microcontrollers is accomplished through
canvas for its noise tolerance and fault
resistance both the base station PC and
onward PC running Ross for reliable
message transfer transfer over 900
megahertz and 2.4 gigahertz networks
the science team focuses on three main
goals involving search a curvy sample
collection and experimentation sites
will be analyzed to determine the
prospect of its ability to support life
panoramic views of the sampling site
will be taken by a gimbal camera to
establish geological deposition and
evidence of the historical presence of
water
our science module is capable of
extracting soil samples at a depth of up
to 20 centimeters and store it in a
closed container to mitigate
contamination the top 10 centimeters of
soil is able to be separated from the
desired soil being actuated flap onboard
tests will include moisture temperature
and electrical potential evaluations
further off board scientific analyses
include testing for amino acids
perchlorates and pH in collaboration
with science departments at the
University of Waterloo access to
laboratories and equipment has been
granted for testing and competition
purposes
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
