we had to increase robotics from its
Fellaini our game consists of around 50
members working towards our vision of
developing a Rover capable of operating
in extreme environments with the
experience and efforts of the whole crew
and a memorable journey of over two
years we are proud to present our Rover
air hour
while manufacturing area politically
focused on keeping it economical which
we have tried to achieve by using easily
procurable items on in-house
manufacturing whenever possible
Division and smooth team functioning we
have divided our team into six sub teams
mechanical electrical software science
operations and creative the mechanical
team starts with the designing
manufacturing and assembly of the Rover
we have implemented a four wheel
differential bus suspension mechanism to
ensure traversal over uneven and Rocky
terrain enabling us to climb slopes of
30 degrees the Rover has a six degree of
Freedom robotic arm with a two-finger
and effector and can lift 6 Kilograms
the arm can fold onto itself to minimize
the space it consumes when not in use to
harvest soil samples we have attached
August to the back end of the road which
drill into soil and transfer it to a
turntable assembly designed to hold all
the samples the assembly rotates to
align with the drop points of different
reagents the electrical is responsible
for developing and designing the power
architecture detention communication the
interval communication and handling the
onboard Electronics
the voltage of 25.6 volts
the batteries are coupled to a power
decision system made up of converters
that actually turn the voltage into
three different voltage lines and only
fixed sensors are used to shut down the
system automatically as registered and
encourages back to the base station is
foreign
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
[Music]
the fan stream works on the analysis and
testing of samples of soil or
biomolecules present in
firstly we have a Ramen spectrometer
which we have custom built all the
components except the optical
instruments such as the structuring and
the internal framing are made by us
while 3D printed it basically holds The
Shining the laser and then analyzing how
the light interacts with the chemical
bonds of the compound we have also made
a multi spectral camera which captures
images using different colored lines
using different color lines you can help
measure absorption are different
wavelengths has certain compounds tend
to absorb Reflections a certain variance
of color more rather than widely
foreign
[Music]
carbon dioxide alcohol and methane along
with this we also have some chemical
tests which are specifically curated for
biomolecules such as proteins
carbohydrates and lipids the software
team deals with the autonomy navigation
and perception of the Rover it uses the
Robot Operating System for overall
control of all onboard components and
the Ross navigation stack for path
planet
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the data from cameras and sensors are
processed on an array of Raspberry Pi
modules as self to the base station for
log we use raw cereal set control covers
with manual control as a field safe we
use traditional and deep learning
computer vision using the GPU from the
normal Jetson module for perception and
mapping this helps in the accurate pose
estimations of the arguments
foreign
[Music]
