hi I'm Victor welcome to the you over
system acceptance review we are a first
year robotics team from the University
of Ottawa we first got interested in a
challenge when we went to see the
competition last year in Utah and over
the past eight months we've been working
hard on designing and manufacturing the
various components of the rover and I'm
proud to say we have moved on to testing
to ensure Rover readiness for me in this
review
we'll be going over the hardware and
software capabilities of a rover as well
as how we plan to achieve the science
mission hello my name is Adam design
students for particle science mission is
a tournament
we will have four contributed text above
it's a great presence about nitrogen
potassium and sulfur hi my name is
Michelle and I am a member of the
science team we will collect the soil
via vacuum these quantitative tests will
consist of mixing the collected soil
with a reactive powder and water and
prefilled test tubes and will change
colors according to the individual test
the darker the pigment the more of that
ion is present in the soil as you can
see these experiments depend on visual
observation and a color comparison chart
we will observe the color change
remotely through the camera
we'll be fixed on our over the data
collected will then be analyzed with our
color comparison chart during our
preliminary stages we tested known
concentrations of nitrogen potassium and
sulfate to correlate the color with the
concentration of these ions this means
that when distinguishing the color we
can estimate the concentration of these
ions in the sample as well the cameras
will also be used to characterize the
rocks in order to identify and determine
if there are traces of my presence on
the rocks in addition to that the air
determines of the substrate is an
optimal environment for a reason
solution most plants require Sol to have
a ph of 5.5 to 7 this is an indicated
range where life-forms have surviving
these the aged environments to the
autonomous reversal mission the rover
will use a mounted lidar system to
perform simultaneous localization and
mapping of the environment you've chosen
to use lighter because it is more
accurate than camera based sensing and
is also much less computationally
expensive as the roguish versus the
environment the lighter will create a
three-dimensional map published a large
obstacles to the field if the rover
encounters an obstacle in modifies its
trajectory to avoid
remaining on path to the checkpoint once
they're over basic to the GPS checkpoint
it will switch into vision mode the
rover will use Python OpenCV library to
locate the symbol the unmarked computer
will use computer vision techniques to
isolate the symbol from the surrounding
image and then apply a gamma cross to it
the river will then move in the
direction to maximize the area of the
backdrops finally the rover will report
to the base station once it reached the
symbol our motor takes advantage of two
methods for communication the first uses
the common to what employer has been
protesting locally within our worth it
our second uses the 900 acres
long range connection to our base
station a competition we will be
planning to use an omnidirectional
antenna upon aerobic and the directional
antenna of their base station both being
paired with a high of three foot
transceiver hi my name is verdiana rover
suspension is a double wishbone design
we chose this configuration due to its
compact design as well as his ability to
maintain its camber angle during
traversal chocolate overs are mounted to
each wheel to dampen against any bumpy
rise to over experiences throughout the
missions and these shocks and also be
replaced with certain fixed supports
during missions over flat terrain each
wheel is custom design and consists of
two tires for fine handling over rough
terrain and it's direct driven through a
eight to one gear reduction that
generates enough torque to translate
over 30 degrees incline slopes but how
do you orders inside each wheel we
lowered those rover center mass reducing
the possibility of tipping furthermore
having four independent control wheels
allows for a return in place which will
prove advantageous during missions such
as the extreme retrieval as well as the
autonomous traversal the robotic arm
using the rover is called the Anita era
3 an open story six degree of freedom
arm has been chosen for this project to
reduce development time while all the
cores are the components for the arm
were are delayed out major mechanical
changes for me to allow the earthly to
handle a 5 kilogram load requirement
each joint is actually using geared
stepper motors and awful encoders new
labeling the arm to perform of the seven
or millimeters fear the modular design
of the arm allows for it to adapt for
each mission as well as breezy to Tasha
our next step is to test the armor in
the field and observe how many
structural components babe under
vibration monitoring temperatures and
bearing load requirements in the final
months leading up to you RC plan on
stress testing the full system in
providing a full array of training to
our operators we have learned so much in
the past eight months and I'm really an
optimistic about our performance in 2020
