[Music]
hello and welcome to the university of
ottawa mars rover team 2022 systems
acceptance review
our team is composed of 18 passionate
students ranging from all different
fields of science and engineering
this year we tested and improved various
systems from our rover such as the
chassis and the suspension and we built
from scratch a new robotic arm
now why did we spend six months
designing and building a prototype mars
rover why do humans build rovers at all
for science our rover's life detection
module consists of a vacuum chamber
together soil sample via an extended
tube and delivers the samples in our
retaining units each set of beakers
holds a mixture of reactants such as
dmso and bleach and also distilled water
the soil samples are delivered to the
beakers and then incorporated to the
mixture thanks to our rotary system
the presence of soil organic matter is
detected by a reaction with bleach that
produces bubbles when it comes to
measuring the microorganism activity
that is made possible by evaluating the
increase in temperature of the dmso that
reduces to dms for the rock samples they
are analyzed through our cameras that we
place in front of the rover the raw data
is then collected by our temperature
sensors and the cameras and is sent back
to the base station
our communication setup is powered by
two
megahertz radios for stable
communication that doesn't require line
of sight our rover systems are driven by
the robot operating system also known as
ross and it runs on a raspberry pi which
is situated on our rover this means that
our software is designed modularly in
nodes and makes it much easier to
maintain our drive system is also
powered by the same pi and we can drive
the rover using a game pad we've decided
to put much more focus in making sure
our foundational systems are really
really solid at the expense of some of
our autonomous capabilities as such our
current plans for the rover's autonomous
systems involve feeding our local
localization info from the kalman filter
into our tab map with data from a real
sense stereo camera then using this
information along with our system that
reads are you code tags to determine our
path and drive it autonomously our
kalman filter is fed from our gps and
our imu to determine a much more stable
position this positioning info is used
for autonomous missions along with our
extreme retrieval mission to retrieve
objects our new robotic arm utilizes two
linear actuators and four stepper motors
to provide our arm five degrees of
freedom
this year's design allows the arm to
perform dexterous tasks for equipment
servicing a belt drive system is located
at the base of the arm which allows our
arm to perform in high torque
applications while providing 360 degrees
of rotation
two linear actuators are mounted at the
back of the arm to optimize the range of
motion
our compliant end effector which mainly
consists of 3d printed carbon fiber
infused nylon uses a warm gear mechanism
to control the movement of three fingers
this mechanism allows the end effector
to pick up objects with simple or
complex geometry by fully closing the
end effector buttons can be pressed with
high precision by using the tip of the
fingers
in addition our end effector offers
overdrive protection and ensures we grip
objects with the same force every time
the arm operates as an open loop system
using a joystick and input video feed
this enables us to have precise movement
and operation based on the intuition of
the operator
the robotic arm is supported by an 80 20
extruded aluminum frame distributing the
loads throughout the chassis and onto
the suspension our suspension is made
from carbon fiber tubes and 3d printed
connectors made out of carbon fiber
infused nylon this allows us to minimize
the weight of the chassis while
maximizing strength
like all successful mars rovers our
system uses a six wheel rocker bogey
suspension maximizing stability over
difficult terrain by always ensuring six
points of contact with the ground
our drive train allows for smooth
traversal over obstacles while
maintaining one meter per second speed
this allows completion of navigation and
time challenges in a timely manner
our iconic orange wheels are
manufactured from casting polyurethane
in a 3d printed mold meeting our
specifications for weight traction and
durability
this summer we had the opportunity to
test our rover at the canadian space
agency's mars yard simulating the
challenging mars-like terrain we will
face at the competition our testing
proves we are ready for the university
rover challenge on behalf of the entire
eur rover team thank you for your
consideration and we hope to see you
soon
you
