hello bonjour and welcome to the
University of Ottawa Mars Rover team
2023 system acceptance review
our team is composed of over 25
passionate students from a wide range of
disciplines from science and engineering
to business
over the past year our team saw rapid
expansion allowing us to improve various
systems from our previous Rover this
year our approach was to introduce new
printed circuit boards for our
subsystems the addition of custom pcb's
minimized failure modes and provided
additional redundancy over last year's
design all while meeting the power
delivery needs of our Rovers modules our
communication setup leverages two 900
megahertz radios to easily exceed
competition requirements with over two
kilometers of range our com system has
been stress tested through line of sight
obstructions and adverse weather
conditions
the Sears base station setup features a
dashboard which provides a central Hub
that displays four cameras in parallel
sensor data a map and Ross node and
topic data the dashboard has a react
front end that connects to Ross through
rosbridge server's websocket our
distributed architecture separates nodes
between the onboard computer and the
base station our reference nodes that
take operator input are run on the base
station controller nodes on the pi
process the reference signals and send
commands to the arduinos which Drive
Motors to actuate the Rover
to complete dexterous tasks
our robotic arm uses rear mounted linear
actuators to optimize the range of
motion a differential forms are wrist
joints providing precise pitch and roll
movement for our multi-purpose end
vector the N effector's carbon fiber
infused nylon body overdrive protection
High friction grippers and non-back
drivable mechanism provide strong stable
grip strength for use during URC tasks
by fully closing the N effector buttons
and keys can be pressed with high
Precision our 5 degree of Freedom arm
uses three onboard cameras to provide
visual feedback during geological
identification of specimens and open
loop operation We are continuing
development of a closed-loop inverse
kinematic control system and are on
track to implemented by competition this
this year's life detection module
analyzes soil samples for extinct and
extant life using various chemical
assays using a vacuum system soil
samples are collected and deposited into
nine test tubes in the rotary array
where they're analyzed by our sensor
suite for evidence of Life the presence
of soil organic matter is detected by a
reaction with sodium hypochlorite that
precipitates a foamy substance microbial
activity is Quantified by dissolving
soil in dimethyl sulfoxide and analyzing
temperature variants from the resulting
redox reaction finally our onboard
microscopic camera allows us to examine
regolith for fossilized organisms the
raw data collected by the temperature
sensors and cameras is then sent to the
base station for interpretation by our
science team
our current plans for the Rover's
autonomous systems involve feeding
localization info from the Kalman filter
into our tab map along with data from
our realsense stereo camera
we will then use this information along
with our system that reads our UCO tags
to determine our path and drive it
autonomously
we get our location from our GPS and
additional positioning inputs which are
then fed into a kelman filter along with
IMU data to help clean up the signal for
autonomous and extreme retrieval
missions the robotic arm and life
detection models are supported by an 80
20 Exquisite aluminum frame that
distributes the load throw the chassis
and into the suspension our suspension
uses a four-wheel rocker bulky system
which mainly consists of carbon fiber
tubes and connectors to optimize the
strength to weight ratio this new
four-wheel design lowers the center of
gravity and reduces the mechanical
complexity overall to maximize the
stability the swim arm is mounted far
from the pivot point which reduces
oscillation in the chassis while
ensuring Four Points of contact when
traversing
16-inch pneumatic balloon Wheels were
selected for their ability to support
heavy loads across loose and challenging
terrain the rims were adapted to
accommodate the motor assembly within
the width of the wheel finally the
motors actuate custom cnc'd rim faces
which in turn Drive the wheel
this year we got a head start on our
design providing ample opportunity for
testing and Analysis of our Rover each
component on this year's Rover has
undergone thorough testing to ensure
optimal competition performance
our team constructed a replica Lander to
simulate URC equipment servicing tasks
with the dual purpose of validating our
systems and ensuring operator
proficiency
the Euro over team is absolutely
confident in our ability to meet and
exceed all URC competition requirements
we hope to see you all in Utah thank you
for your consideration
