[Music]
there is no dog to participation in URC
was the team biggest challenge since
word the team undergo several residuals
during the project implementation the
team structure consists of mechanical
team software team electrical team
science team financial team and the
marketing team mainly storming roses had
been taken to guarantee our efficiency
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we considered our removal to be divided
in chemically into three partitions by
the submission system and pipe
significant repairs on four-wheeled with
individual type of yoga and each stick
buddy
the rules only leave on for DC motor
Quincy Acy arc in speed and 30 Newton
meter till we ever asked enough power to
move the river and military base on the
river book muttering the wheels so the
text is a method for any cloud
individual we also gain another point of
suspension go back take is a motor from
vibration during move
the armies I inspired from the
heavy-duty TCP by using Glenna activated
perform like a drexel enter to guarantee
a large working area to easier equipment
service task the armor has 60 degree
freedom so that we can reach old pistol
position with a high speed and accuracy
all process has been simulated Elizabeth
of a static and dynamic loads so that we
can be sure it can carry the load and
withstanding competition's measures
[Music]
[Music]
our project with many de vente want
their funding coming from the
engineering services agencies in Egypt
in addition to the original constitution
for the team member donated for third
version the cost components
