[Music]
we are the rose holmen rover robotics
team comprised of undergraduate students
with engineering backgrounds as this
year's team captain of the rose holmen
rover robotics team one of my top
priorities was ensuring members remained
safe by following your school's covet
guidelines
masks were required at all in-person
gatherings with a workspace capacity
implemented online messaging through
microsoft teams was used to coordinate
different subgroups of the team
[Music]
the processing power of our rover is
supplied by nvidia jetson nano with
auxiliary real-time control units for
the independent modules on the rover
this year we have added a custom control
pcb for the arm unit and reintroduced
the science control unit to the rover
due to their performance in last year's
competition we have decided to keep our
2.4 gigahertz communication points with
a motorized directional base antenna and
an omnidirectional rover antenna we will
also be retaining our 72 amp hour
lithium ion phosphate battery units for
this year
[Music]
we build our software architecture on
top of rods with modularized subsystems
focusing on specific functionalities our
software covers various operations the
rover requires running from control and
communication to perception and planning
this year we design a more robust
autonomous system containing three
modules for simultaneous localization
and mapping will use an appearance-based
mapping algorithm to build the
surrounding environment using data from
depth camera the visual inertia odometry
algorithm is used to estimate the
rover's real-time position and
trajectory using the input from cameras
and imu we conduct a sensor fusion on
gps coordinates and imu data using an
extended common filter for global
position estimation we perform a star
path planning for navigation to find a
globally optimal path the optimizer
trajectory from the global path is
generated using a timed elastic band
planner that complies with kino dynamic
constraints
[Music]
this year the main goal for target
tracking has been integration with the
autonomous navigation system
we have moved away from treating
movement control and target tracking and
autonomous navigation as separate tasks
our target tracking system uses opencv
to detect tags then calculate the
position of the tag relative to the to
the rover relative position is then
converted into latitude and longitude
coordinates using data from our
localization stack finally these
coordinates are sent to the autonomous
navigation system as a waypoint
objective all the movement control is
then handled by the autonomous
navigation system
[Music]
to correct issues we experienced with
stability last year we've designed a new
chassis and suspension for this year's
competition we used our previous
experience with rocker bogie suspension
to design a more rigid and stable
platform using square tubing the new
chassis allows us to optimize our layout
for accessibility and repairability the
new chassis and differential bar are
also much lighter and more compact we've
been able to use those weight savings to
upgrade other rover subsystems
[Music]
in a continued effort to improve the
wheels we decided to redesign them
entirely our past experiments with
polyurethane casting were unsatisfactory
leading us to consider 3d printed wheels
consisting of distinct layered tpu
plates
these plates increase the flexibility of
each wheel allowing us to customize them
for specialized terrain additionally the
hexagonal design reduces the overall
weight while also maintaining the
integrity required to support the rest
of the rover
[Music]
this year we have a dedicated group of
seniors working on redesigning the
robotic arm the new robotic arm builds
on the key points of failure from last
year's arm design we now have a six
degree of freedom robotic arm with an
interchangeable and defector 3d printed
parts are constrained in non-structural
areas and we have improved on visual
capabilities by mounting cameras not
only on the arm but offset from the arm
to improve depth perception
[Music]
with the removal of the science test
during last year's urc competition the
rose home and science team did not get
to finish building and test an onboard
science package so we will be
implementing the same soul analysis test
for this year the robotic arm will be
swapped out with the planned science
package for the science mission this
year we have redesigned our soil
extraction system to logan lower an
auger screw to extract soil from the
ground and push the soil up to the main
package the collected sample would then
be transported via a moving slide system
into a test tube turntable inside the
main science package a fully enclosed
high-powered laser and a spectrometer
will be used to conduct laser-induced
spectroscopy for elemental analysis an
attached visible microscope will be used
for visual inspection of rock samples
and terrain while on-board sensors will
check for environmental factors such as
humidity air quality and hydrogen
you
