hi my name is Lucas Brewster and I'm the
team lead for the Carlton plant a
robotics team from Carleton University
in Ottawa where a team of undergraduate
students with the goal of annually
designing building and programming a
simulated Mars rover for competing in
international competitions since August
the team has been working hard to make
this year's design a reality it's my
pleasure to introduce to you Waldo this
year's Rover has three main
configurations using different
subsystems optimized for each task the
overuses 612 inch custom sheet aluminum
and spring steel wheels to move the
spring steel is coated with a layer of
rubber to provide traction on tough
terrain each we all uses of X DC motor
connected to an 81 to 1 planetary gear
box this gives us a top speed of 4.2 m/s
and the ability to scale 30-degree
slopes the Rover chassis features
independent aluminum channel connected
to air shocks and drives using skid
steering this system allows us to scale
stairs and cross over obstacles 12
inches tall the rover uses a sheet metal
and carbon fiber arm for the retrieval
and equipment servicing tasks the arm
uses three harmonic drives to move the
turret shoulder and elbow and is capable
of lifting six kilograms at a reach of
1.2 meters it also gives the rover the
capability to do push-ups a dexterous
custom-designed gear system controls the
pitch and roll of the claw together the
five degrees of freedom provides us with
precise control for manipulation during
the equipment servicing tasks and
retrieval tasks the science module
mounts to the front of the frame and
uses an earth augur to move dirt through
a carbon fiber sleeve the science module
then inserts a sensor into the hole it
created to measure soil moisture and
temperature this year the electrical
team aided the mechanical team in
reducing total Rover mass by changing
from a 12 volt to a 24 volt power
architecture this change allowed us to
run thinner wire gauge throughout the
rover reducing our total copper mass and
aiding in cable management in order to
be better prepared for the aspects of
the competition that will take place out
of line of sight we have transitioned
our communication from 2.4 gigahertz to
900 megahertz this was made possible
with the use of a sector antenna at our
base station and an omnidirectional
antenna on our rover's mast another main
focus of electi was the deep coupling of
electrical and mechanical main you
this was done through the use of three
polycarbonate boxes which has clusters
of electronics our battery box contains
East stop current sensing and regulation
our electronics box has this regulation
computation locomotion arm train and
sensor interfaces our science box
contains our science center interfaces
and arm locomotion once the frame was
assembled be able to slide our boxes in
and secure them we've also reduced our
battery mass by approximately three
kilograms while maintaining our previous
designs capacity by changing from a
lithium iron phosphate to a lithium
polymer chemistry we've accounted for
the increase in battery chemistry
volatility by introducing an isolated
emergency stop system powered by an
independent battery octa-core Odroid Xu
fours are used to control the major
subsystems of our Rover stm32 embed
microcontrollers will read data from the
various sensors on the rover including
the GPS the IMU and various sensors for
the science cache task the GPS and IMU
measurements are also used to control
the orientation of our directional
antenna to ensure that the antenna will
track the position of the rover as it
moves through the course our interface
has been loaded with satellite imagery
of our competition and training sites
GPS and IMU data will be transmitted to
the user interface where it is used to
display the current position and heading
of the rover on the map our navigator
can place markers on the map to plan
routes and goals which are shared with
the driver to provide unambiguous
planning the operator is able to
dynamically turn cameras on/off as well
as to control the resolution frame rate
and quality of the mjpeg streams
autonomous navigation is made possible
with a stereo camera which contains two
cameras separated by a known distance
the overlay of these images is used to
compute a disparity image and depth map
for the environment allowing for
obstacle detection and avoidance as the
rover navigates towards its target using
dirt samples from the area in and around
MDRS we'll be able to calibrate our
onboard temperature and soil moisture
sensors while developing a baseline for
in lab tests of pH ammonia acid right
left-handed ratio salt content grain
size and mineralogy breakdown additional
mission planning used to create geology
reference guides along with having
science members within the operation
station
we'll allow for effective site selection
aiding in the quality of samples and
data that can be analyzed onboard the
rover will be carrying a suite of gas
sensors which will measure hydrogen
methane and LPG known as Sun seeking we
can analyze the atmospheric composition
of our sample site further contributing
to the search for water and suitability
for supporting life during operator
training
we're running several missions with
anticipated failure modes such as losing
communications motors and various
sensors this will ensure that our
operations team have backup plans in
place and know to adapt the system to
ensure mission success
[Music]
