and conducting onboard tests for my
signature identification
improving upon our previous iterations
performance we designed this year's
suspension it consists of a traditional
six wheel locker boogie system along
with a four bar linkage mechanism
connecting both rockers the legs are
made up of hollow aluminum tubes making
the design light at around seven kilos
the current suspension system provides
better stability on rough surfaces has
higher obstacle climbing capacity lesser
wheel pressure and power requirements in
comparison to our previous four wheel
titration
the rover uses skid steering mechanism
for training traversal which was
preferred over explicit steering due to
its smaller turn radius requirement and
simplicity in its implementation current
designed a custom-built aluminium wheel
hub has been made the rim is rolled
using a sheet metal batting process and
welded with the hub the wheel is coated
with rubber sheets with rubber strips
stuck on the top of that to give
groovings this improves its traction
over uneven terrain
for the robotic arm we have opted for a
6 degree of freedom assembly regular
simulations of the arm components were
done using ansys static structural and
transient simulation which let us choose
the best materials keeping in mind the
rover's weight overall strength and
durability
wrist joints and gripper mechanism uses
rotary actuators for increased precision
and control along with that we have
chosen a two-fingered gripper with a
loose mechanism as they do not require a
braking system to eliminate the back
driving
linear actuators drive the elbow and
shoulder lengths for increased stability
and load distribution in this iteration
the links are hollow cylindrical instead
of a truss system for an even stress
distribution throughout the components
robotic arm equipped with digger claws
is used to collect the soil sample from
the ground and transfer it to the
inclined plane at the other edge of the
chassis a servo rotates two cubits to
analyze two soil samples independently
based on the raman effect the
spectrometer detects the constituent
elements of the soil sample using a
laser along with a combination of
mirrors and gradients an actuator servo
operates to drop soil sample and reagent
on the slide exciting and saffron dye
tests are performed for analysis a 6
degrees of freedom stewart platform
helps to drain excess water and focus
the image for a microscope
free biosensors are used to measure
humidity temperature and methane in the
surrounding an inclined plane and a
servo is used to test two samples
independently a pump transfers water to
the funnel which is mixed with the
sample and then distributed to
microscope and spectrometer in past
experiences this year the hardware
subsystem has focused on improving
system reliability and ensuring easy
quick and smooth setup of the rover and
basically
we have an intel nook as the main
onboard computer powered by an
independent power supply to protect it
from the load related voltage
fluctuations produced by the robocop
motor drivers the entire system has been
schemed out neatly in a closed elec box
with various connectors to enable easy
roller setup and a power isolating
cutter switch
for the base station we have a simple
root configured rocket module as a
master communication node and a logitech
joystick configured to provide full
rover drive and arm control
the ruckus p300 module boasts of a one
kilometer non-line of sight range which
has been verified via multiple field
trials to avoid a complete communication
blackout we have used a time series
prediction algorithm to predict signal
strength based on ruckus rssi values
clearly autonomous and image processing
subdivision have focused on achieving
the assigned tasks by the use of ar tag
detection algorithm integrated with
level 3 autonomy for the traversal of
room
the stereo depth cam intel real sense is
mounted on the rover to give us the imu
data in point cloud format the camera
feed obtain is used to detect ar tags
using image thresholding and contour
detection the path planning algorithm
has a global planner that uses the
algorithm and the local planner that
uses dwa both the planners have an
occupancy grid created by the
cartographer which also maps the rover
environment making it a robust slam
algorithm
the rover traverses at the given gps
coordinates autonomously it then detects
any ar post nearby this puts the lidar
in action to verify the exact location
of the coordinates to move into it
flashes green on passing through the
post for indicating a successful
upcoming month we plan on defining our
design based on the results of our
finished question
and this we conclude the submission for
usc 2022
