hello my name is Anitha Bukovsky and I
am the leader of the Argo team from
Bialystok University of Technology our
team is divided into five sub teams
which allows us to develop any part of
the rover at the same time each sub team
has its own leader to help organize the
work effectively the mechanical sub team
is responsible for the development of
the Rovers car body robotic arm antennas
system and all other equipment the
electronics team is designing onboard
circuitry taking care of Rovers
communication cameras and power supply
programmers designed out nose systems on
board and command centre software the
science team is responsible for research
on both sensors and all equipment
development for science tasking the peer
and administration section take care of
the team's finances presentations and
contacting sponsors our university
granted us an unlimited access to all
equipment in the machinery park and
provided us with our own laboratory this
year we built a robot with an
all-terrain suspension based on a
rocker-bogie mechanism which also
lifting each will up to 40 centimeters
high while the rest of the wheels touch
the ground we are using custom-made
integrated hub oils which built-in
motors covered from the environment
lightweight and durable chase's is made
of welded aluminum profiles the
differential mechanism allows
independent swing arm action this
approach allows us to achieve a smooth
movement of the car body over the
obstacles and provided the third point
of support for the frame we also use
potentiometers to read and go from
suspension joints we decided to develop
a five degrees of freedom robotic arm
equipped with oppresses actuator driving
first joint but drive on second joint
and powerful servo motors on end
effector allowed to precise operation
with used inverse kinematics algorithm
the implementation of encoders and
narrows calculations to inverse
kinematics we are using cloud
measurement on robotic arm actuators to
prevent exist forces to not damage some
panel
we created two types of grippers two
finger parallel gripper and universal
finger grip all with custom shaped
adaptive fingers the two finger gripper
is simple and suitable for many
applications the second free finger grip
is perfect for picking up delicate items
with precision and adopt better tuned on
flat surfaces the autonomous drive
system is based on a droid single board
computer and communicates with the main
module over the LAN network our video
recognition algorithm is based on open
CV and tensorflow libraries we are using
IP cameras which allows us to transmit
the video from all of them at the same
time the common Center application is
created in Python language it's the user
friend a platoon with a console
graphical interface this solution is
characterized by low resource
consumption and speed of operation each
key function of the program has a
separate process that purely processes
the necessary information collects data
sends comments and renders the image
from the camera's common center software
consists of a set of screens with a view
from all cameras and the visualization
of the rover in two views mine
180-degrees camera provides us with a
wide view from the field our Rover is
equipped with a multi-layer safety
system main power distribution board
consists of a power relays which can be
switched off by the industrial-grade
emergency button placed in easily
accessible place hitting the button
immediately cuts off the power supply
roben eternal system is based on one
communication module which receives
steering data transmits telemetry and
keeps communication with robot
components every motor controller in
Rover is designed by us controllers are
performing speed regulation with
advanced functions like acceleration
control or current control eternal stink
network uses can bus physical layer with
our own protocol to communicate the
Ethernet network uses power over
ethernet we use special power over
ethernet DC converters to power cameras
with different supply voltage the
mainstreaming communication channel is
performed by subtle sideline easy
cameras and Rover configuration uses
ubiquity rocket m2 access points thanks
to serial over IP modules and Power over
Ethernet injectors base mast is
connected to base station only with one
Ethernet cable sensitive in cooperation
with mechanics is creating a prototype
of a special mobile laboratory dedicated
in the science task we perform the test
all the time to find the best way to
determine the life existence of the MDRS
see you soon at USC 2019
