hi my name is Ben McHugh I am the NIU
Mars Rover president uh here at Rover
we're very excited to be presenting to
you our Rover we've been working on it
for the past year or so uh building a
new chassis and a new arm design and
just reworking everything because our
previous designs have happened is great
so we hope that you are excited as we
are to see what we have in store for you
hello I am Chris English the
manufacturing team lead I've been
working with Philip to take the parts
that his team has to design and bring
them into the real world we do this
through a a combination of additive
manufacturing and old-fashioned
Machining a lot of our parts are going
to be water jetted this year but this
will be complemented by a large majority
of the arm being 3D printed we have
chosen have G due to its thermal
resistance allowing us to put it into
more stress situation than we would for
other types of additive manufacturing
materials
hi I'm the mechanical design team lead
at Philip Tomic this semester we were
focused on the design of our arm we just
completed this design it has six degrees
of freedom is made of aluminum and 3D
printed components at each joint there
is a Nema 17 motor which drives a
cycloid over reducer to increase its um
its ability to lift and maneuver the
gripper is
swappable so that the science team can
use their excavator in place of the
gripper
the science test module will use a
modular tool attach the mechanical arm
as an efficient way to collect soil from
the environment
once collected this way will be
deposited into a tray in our analysis
unit
the soil will then move through a track
where it will be mixed with water and
tested for key organic compounds such as
ammonia and phosphate
the soil solution will then be safely
stored in a waste collection unit on
board the Rover
the science test unit is also equipped
with a small onboard computer from
fidgets which will collect relevant
environmental data such as temperature
and humidity this allows to better
assess the habitability of a given
environment
this year on the computer science team
we have put a lot of effort into
simplifying our software stack to make
it more resilient and maintainable some
of this work has been on an in-house
communication system that prioritizes
Fail-Safe conditions while also ensuring
quick responsiveness to controls for
navigation and manipulation
another area of Interest has been
transitioning to an inverse kinematics
model for controlling the manipulator
taking input from our 3D mouse and
calculating the angles required for the
arm
hello I'm Alejandro I'm one Electro team
leads
one of the things we do here in lushwood
team is we take care of the electrical
system now with the electrical system
includes is knowing that how much power
are electronics and motors are consuming
and we distributed it accordingly
through our fuse box
alongside this we program an Arduino to
control Motors on our Rover to drive it
and also control LEDs to change colors
based on the drive commands given to the
Arduino wireless link
