you
for the body we decided to go with a six
wheel rocker-bogie design and we won
with this because of the simplicity and
because of the maneuverability we get
from this design the wheels we decided
to print ours using a flexible TPU and
that basically will allow us to if we
get any type of puncture the wheel will
still remain its structure so we are
splitting up this arm into three
distinct separate categories so the
first category will be the skeleton of
the arm so this is going to include the
arm ligaments the turntable and the
general structure of the arm so the
prototype of the arm will be fashioned
out of mostly aluminum tubing this is
going to be because it has a large
strength to weight ratio second category
of the arm is going to be the attachment
of the arm so we are going to be
developing a system to allow us to swap
out different heads for different
missions each mission will have one
distinct head including one for the
quickest servicing mission they'll be
able to flip switches and perform
precise movements one for the extreme
retrieval mission which will be able to
lift and drag larger objects and for the
science mission we will we have in one
that will allow us to take samples of
dirt as needed
to complete the autonomous mission we
are using every tool at our team's
disposal we are creating custom software
to interface with all of our
environmental sensors including MP use
GPS and stereoscopic cameras for object
detection because our environmental
sensors can often be very noisy we are
creating a custom common filtering
algorithm which allows our Rover to use
its current speed position and sensor
data to create a model of its position
and velocity that's much more accurate
than the model created by simply using
GPS alone
an industrial-grade 2.4 gigahertz
transceiver connected to an
omnidirectional antenna will be attached
to the rover to provide robust video
transfer channels communication between
the rover and control will be conducted
over the 900 megahertz band using XP Pro
modules
our objective is to communicate with the
rover and to do this we will be using
two discrete frequency bands the 900
megahertz and the 2.4 gigahertz for
lower bitrate to mission-critical serial
communication with the rover we will be
using them that the 900 megahertz band
and using this band for the
bi-directional communication with the
rover as opposed to the 2.4 gigahertz
band has the advantage of providing us a
more reliable datalink for
mission-critical command execution as
this lower frequency RF band has better
object penetration in terms or in the
case of no line-of-sight and it's less
prone to general general attenuation and
for higher bitrate communication and the
2.4 gigahertz band will be employed and
this band will be used to establish a
unidirectional Rover to command station
video link that will transfer video feed
from one of the six cameras on the rover
to the command station for processing
and a decision-making
we've chosen to work in the robot
operating system framework abbreviated
Ross it's a great framework to work in
provides high modularity and provides a
lot of built-in support for what we're
doing
Ross allows us to develop in both Python
and C which provides the flexibility for
the individual teams to develop their
components independently it also
provides a framework to communicate
between the individual components and
stitch them together in a way that makes
sense for a project soil sample test the
team has decided to look for DNA samples
from the soil to locate these samples
we're going to use two chemicals the DNA
lysate will break open cell membranes to
expose nucleic acids after a brief time
within an Arduino powered centrifuge
atheneum bromide will be added to the
solution to stain the certain DNA
strains the mechanical arm will be used
to maneuver around the chemicals that we
need to be placed into the centrifuge
for the rock sample test
we'll use a programmable microscope to
zoom in close to the surface of the rock
at at that level we should be able to
see microbes on that surface
as a first-year team I've been very
impressed with our team's ability to
make a rover given the short amount of
time we only received funding in
November of last year and here it is
mid-february and we have a working Rover
together and I'm really confident that
if any first-year team is going to be
able to make it to this competition it's
going to be our team
you
