foreign
Hawaii's first and only Rover team and
I'm proud to present the 2023 Rose Rover
this year our team of 40 members have
been working hard to implement the
lessons learned from last year's design
to bring you this year's Rose Rover
the mechanical team has learned a lot
from last year we have completely
redesigned and manufactured our new
Rover it consists of four main
subsystems the aluminum chassis rocker
bogey suspension five degree of Freedom
arm and vice group end effector the
suspension's track width is larger than
the wheelbase which allows our Rover to
turn with ease to ensure our Rover can
Traverse the Rocky and Sandy terrain we
have developed 3D printable Wheels
featuring a honeycomb's book design and
grousers this allows elasticity
information which improves traction on
Rocky and Sandy surfaces a rocker Bowie
design features a damper connected to
the rocker to reduce shock while driving
over obstacles wheel assemblies in the
bogey feature a double Wishbone
suspension system to reduce shock and
ensure traction while driving over
obstacles a 360 degree gimbal camera
mounted to the antenna allows the
operator to view the Rover's immediate
surroundings our 5 degree of Freedom arm
houses most of the motors in the
shoulder reducing mass in the arm while
supplying sufficient torque to lift
objects up to 5 kilograms customized
battery packs will be manufactured
utilizing lithium ion cells additionally
power distribution boards will be
designed to supply 12 and 5 volt routes
for onboard Electronics finally an
electronic kill switch will be readily
available at the exterior of the Rover
for emergency situations taking
influence from last year's design team
Rose implements a sturdy aluminum 5
degree of Freedom arm capable of both
performing missions reliably and with
low risk in order to meet the differing
requirements of each Mission we've
implemented a modular arm with two end
effectors cater to the needs of their
missions the vice grip underfectures
main feature is as a platform for
modular attachments including collecting
soil with excavator buckets Flexio grip
pads for manipulating controls and an
allen key that takes a advantage of the
rotating lead screw the worm and wheel
end effector features a tried and tested
method of actuation with a significantly
more powerful motor inset grip pattern
and wide Archer traversal allows for
secure handling of containers and heavy
rocks with Ross on the movement motion
planning framework the arm and end
effector can be controlled to designated
goal poses using inverse key pneumatics
to calculate the motion of each
individual joint the payload system was
designed for our science Mission which
is split into three different housings
for three different liquid assays
ay the funnel will separate the soil
into three test tubes where the blue
tubing will distribute the soil into its
respective test tube the housings are
fully enclosed to contain any liquid
chemicals from spilling and reduce the
amount of sunlight from altering the
results three pre-filled liquid assays
will be used and viewed with a Raspberry
Pi camera such that the operator can
interpret the results and ethelium
bromide solution with a UV light will be
utilized to identify the presence or
absence of nucleic acid the comasi stain
will be used to identify the presence or
absence of proteins and a distilled
vinegar solution with magnets will be
used to identify the presence or absence
of minerals and inorganics
from the video footage you'll be able to
draw conclusion and make a hypothesis
which sample is extinct extent or
absence of Life the guidance navigation
and control scheme is responsible for
all software and Communications both on
board the Rover and the ground stations
unlike last year the GNC team now
leverages Docker containerization for an
operator-friendly modular approach to
Mission ready and configurable software
we also use a gigabit Ethernet switch so
our internal Communications can handle
high-capacity data more reliably our
autonomous navigation stack is powered
by Ross melodic a zed mini provides
Point cloud data from two rectified
stereo cameras as well as integrated
visual odometry we also use a zf9r with
an extended common filter to provide a
Rover with high resolution Global
localization data for obstacle detection
we utilize the package our tab map for
dense mapping and move base for path
planning our gate detection makes use of
the Oracle detect package our ground
stationed user interface team has built
a web application out of react and
node.js to support the operator during
All Phases of the competition the app is
able to control the teleoperation of the
mobile base and the arm as well as the
receive live video feeds and sensor data
from our onboard sensors the app is also
designed for fine-grained monitoring of
all parts of the Rover system including
but not limited to Communications
sensing hardware and controls this year
team Rose has taken a more systems
engineering based approach for Mission
competence we are undergoing the
verification and validation process to
ensure that our Rover system has the
correct designs to complete all
objectives for each Mission while we are
a new team we have participated in
rigorous design reviews and testing and
we are confident in our abilities to
compete at the 2023 University Rover
challenge mahalo
