hello everyone we are bioristic dynamics
from biowistic University of Technology
in Poland we wanted to showcase the Argo
free Rover which was designed and built
by our team of electronics mechanics and
software engineers
the robot is based on a frame
construction made of aluminum alloy
profiles and uses a rocker buggy
suspension the propulsion is provided by
four wheels powered by brushed DC motors
with planetary gearboxes
Village style surface conforms to the
ground providing film traction
the tires also serve as shock absorbers
for vibrations while driving on uneven
Terrain
numerical calculations and a card model
were carried out using SolidWorks
software
by using the Ros environment along with
the Gazebo simulator and RV's 3D
visualizer we were able to keep working
on the software for our Hardware before
it even came into existence
the robot model transferred from
SolidWorks was the base for further work
on suspension control and manipulator
kinematics in Arvest we could command
either the TCP position or the positions
of individual joints without worrying
about the safe trajectory
the robot already equipped with
controllers and this television camera
is ready to handle with more demanding
tasks such as a mapping and no terrain
the manipulator is designed to lift
loads up to 5 kilograms at full reach it
is made of aluminum profiles linear
actuators brush DC motors with gearboxes
and belt drives used to move the
manipulator's Rings
our manipulator with an add effector
make it possible to carry out operation
requiring for example a specific
approach to an object
such a opening a cabinet or relying on
Metallica the desired orientation when
inserting a USB
in addition with a narrow grip we are
able to switch small switches and press
keys on the keyboard
simple kinematics are controlled by two
analogs and the d-pad of the Xbox One
controller
with the ability to control all joints
simultaneously even in a simple
kinematic mode we are able to make more
complex movements than setting up a
single joint
for the control of brushed DC motors we
use custom design controllers called
Argo drive S and Argo drive XL creating
our own controllers allowed us to
achieve smaller sizes while maintaining
the necessary current per Channel
performance and required functionality
this allowed us to place the wheel
control in the suspension
Argo drive XL enables support for both
incremental and absolute encoders while
Argo drive S supports only absolute
encoders both also supports
communication via can bus we use this
protocol for communication between
controllers and the main on-board
computer
which is the Nvidia Jetson X2 for
communication between the Rover and the
base we use ubiquity rocket M2 radio
models operating at the frequency of 2.4
gigahertz
[Music]
foreign
foreign
[Music]
fragment showed the process of
collecting a selected soil sample which
will then be transported to the
laboratory area The Next Step will be to
subject the soil sample to select a test
in order to determine the presence of
chosen substances finally identification
of rock samples will take place through
the use of gripper mounted a camera that
allows capturing the required details
needed to identify selected minerals
both the laboratory and the camera with
the adapted gripper allow for the very
quick removal to reduce the weight of
the Rover we believe that a Rover is
ready to compete in this year's
University Rover challenge we would like
to express our gratitude to all sponsors
and individuals involved in the project
for the hard work and dedication
