[Music]
foreign
[Music]
training of our students this year our
74 member team 2013 process has improved
our project based on the results of the
past DRC competition Association of URC
whoever structured the team's
organization same Technical Systems
knowing to Enron and two administrative
suggest this time electronic designer
for hard
Uber or the unified power system science
or class participation we have set new
objects which led to the development of
a new microcycle bicycle systems
engineering philosophy and agent
methodologies this year we fully
integrated a functional policy system
which is capable of transferring
movement between both sides of the
rubber with much less weight
additionally we developed our new 3D
printed Wheels which are able to absorb
much more energy from impacts they also
have an external covering that can be
replaced in case of any major damage the
rubber chassis is made up from 2020
modular aluminum profiles which
guarantee great adaptability at all
times the Rover has an electronic system
based on a Raspberry P4 and the
Tennessee microcontroller both of them
run the main algorithms related to
communication and the discrete control
of each motor we have designed and
assembled pcbs that distribute power
from the Lithium Polymer batteries to
all subsystems and the signals between
them
we keep the same Communications
architecture while improving Cable
Management reliability and measuring the
information inside the Royal we have a
13 DBA gain Omni erection antenna
connected to a ubiquity rocket which
modulates and demodulates the
information
on the base we have the same
architecture but with asexual antenna we
built our software on Rust 2 with the
help Docker aiding the deployment of
software to the Rope we use a-star and
an algorithmic approach to autonomous
navigation given a set of coordinates
and an initial pose the rubber uses a 60
gig of Freedom arm with dexterity to
hold onto objects or interact with bands
its movements are controlled in a
Raspberry Pi 4 running a raw environment
in which precise movements are
guaranteed by using real-time feedback
with Magnetic encoders and multiple
cameras useful for the pilot to monitor
the arm and gripper after evaluating
mistakes from our last experience we
made important improvements for instance
how the arm inside the rubber to improve
stability we design the RS base to
reduce its current volume and mass and
redesign the gripper for it to
correspond to more complex geometries
with greater strength and give guidance
to the pilot with a distance sensor and
laser pointer furthermore for the core
electronic system we implemented sensors
to keep track of the driver's
temperature and power consumption
similarly digital current control was
included to optimize energy consumption
and apply a new third current relation
useful when switching between lifting a
heavy object and low power dexterity
finally microcontrollers were
implemented to parallelize driver tasks
addition we oversee the development of
the operation image free processing and
filters or the Rover the arm and the
Drone
we are in charge of four cameras DC on
OBD and Intel Core real sense and two
web cameras our main objective is to
provide the pilot with odometry
estimations of them the detection of
Airtex object recognition and filter
Imaging we also since last time in the
URC have developed a new web server
based on the idea of edge Computing what
this means is that we attempt to use the
computational power of our new cameras
regarding the open series of the
capability of pre-processing the
information so we can process the images
before sending it to the web server the
sensory and instruction subsystem is
focused on the way in which x and x team
or no life can be detected in our
robbery and for that we have Eva and
Ramses
science team observed the reaction
generated by three samples collected by
Ramses in contact with five Chemicals
located on Eva this allowed analysis of
the presence of extant extinct or no
life in the sample through the its
effervescence or staining also Ramses
has a microscope that could lead to fine
in tiny organisms or traces
imperceptible to the human eye and these
observations can deter my life too
compared to last year this year we only
have three compartments to analyze five
characteristics of each sample instead
of four compartments to analyze six
characteristics we have improved the
system with new models with more video
that resistant Impressions with a new
electronic PCB and with a change in the
braiding system from rust to rows 2.
for the team underwater for autonomous
and navigation task the Drone is
connected by bubbling protocol which
about the flight Compares give orders to
the Drone based on the recognition of
air attacks with open Syria local
algorithms
