welcome to Texas Mars robotics team in
order to complete the extreme retrieval
mission we decided it was important to
be able to scale a 15-inch sheer wall as
well so I have 100% great ability we
thought the best way to accomplish this
while staying within the size and weight
constraints was a rocker-bogie mechanism
we decided to stick with the classic
rocker-bogie linkage while adding a few
modifications to add a shock absorption
through TPU bushings on many of the
critical joints we've also decided to
use minor gears instead of the classic
kinematic linkage this makes the entire
system smaller and more compact while
giving a small downside of a little bit
more backlash for a 5 degree of freedom
arm we have upgraded our dynamic
movement by using operational space
control generated using Payne's method
to improve how we drive our joints one
of which is a powerful linear actuator
to help lift loads exceeding 5 kilograms
our team has equipped it with an array
of potentiometers to save the absolute
position of the arm at all times the
gripper has a unique aluminum layer that
assists in turning a screwdriver
incorporates a solenoid to manipulate a
keyboard and do the basics such as
pulling ropes turning knobs flipping
switches and pushing button on top of
that we've strived to make it easily
replaceable with no sample return so for
this your science pushing we will be
looking at byproducts of metabolism as
well as conditions that are promising
for extant life and the way we'll do
this is through a color-changing
tester which will hit things such as I
tried pH absorb a glucose enters the
base station utilizes an nvidia gtx 1060
GPU and 2 monitors to accommodate two
operators it communicates with the rover
through our motorized 2.4 gigahertz
Wi-Fi sector antenna
our user interface is laid out so the
operator can focus on the navigation of
feedback they need communications are
established as a client-server
relationship
which the rotors onboard server is the
central communications hub for all of
the rover systems phys-ed cameras
spatial mapping capabilities will assist
us in the autonomous traversal tasks as
we locate our gates as well as the
Arouca markers they've been a great
resource to our team and I hope their
work really shines through we show off
our Rover this year they're fully
prepared to succeed in this year's
University Challenge you can free
consideration we have to see you
[Music]
