[Music]
hi I'm Christian Herman in the
University of Texas at Arlington Rover
team alternately known as a Texas Mars
robotics team this year we've do up a
six wheeled Rover for the exploration of
a Mars lock environment on this Rover we
have a complex robotic arm an inbuilt
educational system and a terrain
traversal system in this video we will
be showing you how we created it what it
does and a little bit about our team
[Music]
this year's Rover was built with
simplicity in mind of course there is
the issue of weight for the u RC and we
have kept that in mind to produce a
lightweight but robust design from top
to bottom suspension has been redesigned
to be modular facilitating quick and
easy assembly and disassembly our arm
design has been improved to be sturdier
with a high level of performance and a
wider range of application a previous
sample return module design has served
us well and we have since improved it to
be more lightweight as well the 2019
rover has received a complete redesign
for the body and suspension systems this
year the main goal since the early
stages of development have been to
reduce weight operational vibration and
increase modularity the size of the body
itself has been reduced by about 65%
with all the components having a quick
attachment to the casing for our new
gear differential we have changed the
suspension setup to a true rocker-bogie
system that gives us a traverse ability
of about 20 inches all the legs are made
of aluminum and we've used the aluminum
tubing where we can to reduce weight the
new staggered wheel design gives a set
of stability while climbing and the
centered wheel mounts reduce stress on
the joints one of the components were
most excited about this year is our new
compliant tire design they're currently
being 3d printed by our newest sponsor
big rep who specializes in large-scale
3d printing the new tires play a large
role in dampening the vibrations on the
system and improving traction in the
desert terrain the material has been
thoroughly tested to stand up against
thermal fatigue and the abrasive forces
that we will face in competition
/ the arm we've made numerous
improvements and controlled stability
and versatility by using advanced
engineering dynamics to develop a new
cutting edge technology we have
revolutionized the arms motion the
overall structure of the arm has also
changed dramatically the new 5 axis
build promises dexterity feedback and in
turn more control new gripper designs
promise to not only pick up objects but
to use them like we do our team members
have been working tirelessly researching
analyzing designing and manufacturing
parts to keep us in the competitive it
hi I'm Christina wolf and I am the
perfect life team lead for the Mars
rover team at UTA this year we'll be
testing for on vital macro nutrients in
the soil
he's an on-board instrumentation and
indicator test strips like this right
here we'll be looking for phosphorus
nitrate and pH our team science module
has been a reliable system in years past
our drill is capable of a sample depth
of 7 inches and we can accommodate up to
six different samples for six different
sites at the competition with our
science teams new method of
determination of life our partition bin
was revised so that it can be easily
seen from our camera view this revision
allows the pH glucose and nitrate tests
be better read so that the conclusions
that the proof-of-life team makes about
the terrain soil and rocks are more
accurate for this URC 2019 season our
controls team is focused mainly on
quality of life improvements efficiency
and compactness of design one way we're
implementing these features is by
reducing our footprint to a 10 inch by 7
inch by 5 inch housing for this year's
competition we're using a 2.4 gigahertz
Wi-Fi antenna now allows us to
communicate up to 2 kilometers away from
our base station to our Rovers onboard
server the server is then responsible
for distributing that user data to the
multiprocessor system spread throughout
our Rover it then takes on the role
during that that sensor data is
protected stable and correct as it's
passed back to the user as our closing
statement although we have been hyper
focused this year on developing a brand
new system that is remarkable and his
capabilities we have also retained our
functional system from last year as
backup in case any failures for the past
masterpiece occurred
additionally between now competition who
will be developing brand new systems
such as plantable signal relays and more
capable arm with another link and a more
advanced and lightweight sample return
system thank you
you
