hello everyone my name is Morgan
fabricatori I am the President of
Charter robotics here at University of
New Haven the New Haven robotics team
has been working day and night to
provide us a Mars Rover for the
University Rover competition
hi my name is Aaron Parker I'm vice
president of charge for robotics I've
done a lot of different work on multiple
parts of the Rover but the main thing
I've been focusing on is the control
systems especially Ross and how to
integrate to all the different
I've developed different Ross packages
to work with the open source motor
controller we're using we're using a
stereoscopic depth camera to detect
objects and do slam and mapping and we
are using a-star as a pathfinding search
algorithm for when we navigate to a GPS
coordinate we use a star to find the
fiducial markers all parts of the rotor
are fed through Ross which is then fed
through our wireless connection and it's
really convenient because we can
visualize all of these things through
artists and other GUI software's that
allow us to know what the Rover thinks
it's doing and what it's actually doing
communication system for all over we
chose the ubiquity walking M2 as our
base as our modem due to its Simplicity
in scenario for the antennas we chose a
omnidirectional antenna on the robo for
its Simplicity and not quite a rotator
for the base station we chose patch and
test due to its Simplicity and alignment
with the Rover and gives us the about
six extra six DB of gain over and around
the directional antenna the entire
system has about 16b plus your leg
overhead from our calculate the path
loss the system was tested at a beach
with a one kilometer distance between
the transmission receiver and we got
about two milliseconds two megabits per
second which we could do with
base station we have two three axes
joysticks which is perfect because we'll
have six axes for our six degree of
Freedom arm we'll have full control of
every joint that will also allow us to
have a paint drive to control the Rover
in any situation
hi my name is Mohammed rahmani and I'm
part of the drivetrain sub team for the
Rover for the
University of New Haven and for the
drivetrain we need to a number of
different suspension systems and ended
up with using the
rocker bogey system which allows our
Rover to
climb obstacles and rocks roughly twice
the size of its wheel for which we chose
a nine inch balloon Wheels which have a
better contact patch a larger contact
patch and a better weight distribution
allowing it to
move through all sorts of soft and rough
trains that
the Rover is designed for and we also
decided to add a differential bar to
improve its overall drivability and
stability and the individual wheel drive
system that we implemented uses the 800
KV partial SDC motors which are each
driven with open source vesc drivers
which are chosen for the reliability and
the ability for precision smooth
operation
so the arm uses linear actuators for the
boom and Dipper joint because those
require the most amount of force we can
get really granular control while have
you on a horse enough to even lift the
entire Rover to get to a point where
we're stuck
at the end of the wrist using custom 3D
printed joints we have a linear rail
with two custom design and 3D printed
gripper fingers these grouper fingers
have one stationary and one that moves
along the rail this design has thick
walls that allows us to pick up the
screwdriver and also has a thick back to
it allowing us to push buttons and flip
switches
my name is Alex I'm head of the science
team for collecting soil we have a screw
shape Digger that drills into the soil
and extracts exactly three milliliters
of regolith that then goes into our four
stage two vent sampling system stage one
assemble collection stage two is a
spectrometer as well as a UV light to
detect chlorophyll stage three is a
volatile organic compound sensor which
smells for life in stage 4
goes into a home area where we can then
give the samples to the judges
for collecting Rock samples we have a
spectroscope a reflective spectroscope
as well as a microscope attached to the
end of the arm which can search for
extinct as well as extend life
our
