[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
we are the Utah State University Aggie
Rover exploration systems team during
the past five months our team went
through the conceptual preliminary and
critical design phases to design and
construct a rover for the Mars society's
2019 University Rover challenge to
prepare for the competition we divided
our team of 25 plus students into
communications and science navigation
power and drive and manipulation sub
teams the four primary sub teams are
supported by electrical and mechanical
systems engineering teams in the
fundraising team the communications team
is responsible for the successful
exchange of command telemetry and video
signals between the base station and the
rover four cameras on the rover transmit
analog video signal to the command
station where we can view the video on a
TV screen a Raspberry Pi of the base
station sends commands to another
Raspberry Pi onboard the rover the
commands are then routed where they need
to go using robot operating system or
Ross as we were setting up the telemetry
radios we were having issues dropping
parts of messages disabling error
handling software built into the
transceivers fix the issues we were
having the navigation team focuses on
teleoperation and autonomous navigation
for teleoperation ross is used to send
joystick commands to Jetson TX to
electronic speed controllers receive the
messages to drive the rover a GUI
provides visual feedback for the rover
operators for autonomous navigation the
rover tracks is positioned and
orientation with the GPS aided initial
navigation system a stereo camera
creates a point cloud from the
surrounding terrain the rover uses the
point cloud to build a 3d model of its
environment in order to create a cost
map breaking the terrain into a grid
with each division being assigned a
number indicating the terrain roughness
for the rover's path planning software
we will implement the a-star search
algorithm which will return the optimal
path from the start and stop locations
on the grid the rover will use open CV
functions to find circular objects as
far as 4.5 metres away extra circles are
filtered
with custom software we still need to
sync the live camera images with the
opencv software which will be achieved
with a Ross node we decided to use for
lithium polymer batteries and battery
eliminator circuits to step down the
voltage for individual subsystem
components safety components prevent
current overdraw and allow for quick
disabling of the rover in an emergency
the rover uses the rocker-bogie
suspension method to traverse obstacles
up to six inches in height we designed
the rocker-bogie and rover body in
SolidWorks and use SolidWorks topology
studies to achieve a unique cut out
design and SolidWorks FAA simulations to
create a design with a minimum safety
factor of two at the assumed the worst
case scenario static analysis determine
the center of gravity to be no greater
than fifteen inches from the ground to
avoid tipping at inclines up to 45
degrees the drive motors output
significant torque to overcome inclines
of this grade to provide maximum
traction and ability to traverse and we
selected ten inch polyurethane beach
winds the manipulation team is
responsible for the robotic arm in its
control the robotic arm has six degrees
of freedom and can lift ten kilograms at
a one-meter extension a camera mounted
near the end manipulator provides visual
feedback for precise positioning the
robotic arm is equipped with three
servos and three linear actuators the
motors each have internal feedback to
control position that accurately using
pulse width modulation the arm is
controlled using four degree of freedom
inverse kinematics implemented on Ross
on a controller the Tube joysticks
direct the inverse kinematics in the
vertical and horizontal planes of motion
and the buttons controlled the wrist and
clock to complete the science mission
we'll be using a custom-designed Raman
spectrometer to search for signs of life
via fiber-optic probe attached to the
rover's manipulator arm collected
spectra will be stored in the rover
computer system and compared to a
spectral database to determine the
presence of biomarkers the main
biomarkers will be searching for our
carotenoids carotenoids are pigments
produced by plants and microorganisms
that serve as protections against UV
radiation these can only be produced
biologically and so any presence of them
in our samples will indicate the
presence of extinct or extant life
through careful planning over the next
three months
our team will complete the build of the
Raman spectrometer implement our path
planning algorithms
complete integration testing and perform
necessary training to be
competition-ready before the end of May
we think our sponsors for their generous
support and look for the Utah state's
first appearance aur see
[Music]
