hello my name is gage Lochner and I'm
the project lead for maverick the Mars
analog vehicle for robotic inspection
and construction in this video the team
leads and I will be discussing the
research work and testing we have done
over the last year to ensure that our
newest rover Phoenix is ready for the
URC 2019 competition and why our modular
reliable design is well suited to the
challenges that URC presents Phoenix's
chassis is a single quarter inch
aluminum formed part which is
lightweight and easy to work with
mounting holes around the chassis allow
for a modular Rover design enabling the
team to easily upgrade various Rover
components and test new designs without
compromising the Rovers competition
readiness a plate on top of the chassis
provides mounting locations for the
robotic arm and other subsystems the
electronics box is mounted within the
rear of the chassis and can easily be
removed for modifications and bench
testing the rover utilizes a wide stance
rocker-bogie suspension the rocker has
its range of motion partially limited to
prevent it from flipping over in extreme
terrain the rover's high traction 10 and
1/2 inch wheels are individually driven
by high power in hub motors which
provide enough torque to tackle steep
inclines and large obstacles while
maintaining high ground clearance
Phoenix's robotic arm has 5 degrees of
freedom a motor controls the base
rotation of the arm a second motor
utilizes a worm drive to lift the upper
arm and a linear actuator at the elbow
adds precision for our movement a
compact dual motor wrist joint offers
both pitch and yaw the end effector is
controlled by a mini linear actuator and
has the ability to manipulate a wide
variety of objects the end effector
rotates on Center so turning knobs and
using screwdrivers is straightforward
overall the arm has a great range of
motion and long reach there is no
position the arm can move to which it
cannot recover from since the shoulder
and elbow cannot be back driven
following mechanical development of the
arm we've been working to add electrical
feedback for fine arm movement this will
allow us to control various devices
including switches valves and other
things that we may incur during the
competition some improvement that we've
been making on the rover include a
battery setup which is separate for the
control system and for the drive system
this way we're able to control the rover
with a system that avoids having brown
on voltages whenever the rover goes to
move forward due to the high current
draw from the motors doing this we've
also been able to increase the
reliability and stability of our
platform
by properly sizing connectors and wires
so that they're able to handle the large
current draw but the motors may have
whenever they go and move forwards or
backwards at the same time we've been
working a lot this spring to add
autonomous features to our over we have
a working IMU and GPS setup being able
to give the rover at coordinate and it
will actually drive to that GPS
coordinate without any issues we're
adding currently the ability for the
rover to see in a way and adding
computer vision features through the
addition of a pixie cam for object
detection and an intel realsense camera
for stereo theory
science team researched a variety of
different tests we looked at different
forms of spectroscopy epifluorescence
microscopy co2 emission analysis and
even agarose gel electrophoresis but in
the end we chose to use a form of
spectroscopy called Raman spectroscopy
Raman spectroscopy just seemed to fit
the mission perfectly because it
requires little to no sample preparation
there's an abundance of resources
available for different biomarkers that
we can test for and NASA is actually
using similar technology on the Mars
2020 Rover in the Sherlock system we
have developed an optical system which
fulfills all the requirements of Vermont
spectroscopy and fitted it with a 3d
printed housing to keep it safe from
desert sand and from light that can
contaminate our data collection to
distinguish samples that show signs of
life from those that do not we assemble
list of why markers to be matched with
Raman spectra data that will receive
using a MATLAB code to show the likeness
of the match currently we are working on
identifying polystyrene with our system
but soon we will be moving on to testing
our biomarkers and then real-world tests
Phoenix is very close to 50 kilogram a
stone the team is actively pursuing what
your options solutions to mitigate this
risk this includes developing lighter 3d
printed wheels removing unnecessary
material from various locations in the
rover nor pacing less critical aluminum
components with plastic in the composite
ones most of the competitions we've
created mock trials based on the rules
that given to us for example on the on
Mina board though attest that different
motions the arm soils test operators in
their chemical skill we've also complete
outdoor drive testing September 2018 the
over suspension perform very well on
uneven and steep terrain during the last
six months the rubber team has presented
a roughly 300 perspective ISU students
during tours of our lab and other events
on campus we have also presented a local
elementary school letting nearly a
hundred children drive the rover and
operate the cameras and robotic arm as
we have shown maverick has been able to
produce our best Rover yet and we are
looking forward to the work ahead of us
to finish preparations for the URC
competition
