hi I'm Daniel Franco I'm the project
manager for the Mars rover the
University of Saskatchewan space design
team is a group of students focused on
space related projects I'm pleased to
introduce our 2019 Mars rover for the
University Rover challenge the USS T has
about 1500 members splinted three sub
teams our electrical enclosure is built
into the rover with the Kevlar lid and
carbon fiber side panels to protect the
electronics from the elements such as
dirt kicked up from the wheels and from
moisture in the surrounding air all of
our electrical team members are skilled
in soldering and constructing the many
cables and connectors needed for our
various electrical systems as well we
also create and design our own printed
circuit boards by using software such as
CAI CAD or Eagle for development we have
two antennas for a rover one running at
5.8 gigahertz and another at 900
megahertz for distances of over one
kilometer for competition and propelling
our Rover forward our six powerful Maxon
motors for individual control in each
wheel by using to wide-angle cameras
placed back-to-back and an oculus rift
we are able to see 360 degrees around
our Rover
and by using their powerful Nvidia
Jetson computer custom obstacle
avoidance software and a Zedd
stereoscopic camera our Rover can
autonomously traverse and reach
waypoints via our swift navigation
system we use an open-source software
called open MV for tennis ball
recognition and our custom-built web UI
will provide us with easy access to
important information while in the field
the arm this year was redesigned while
relying on some of the concepts we had
proven with last year's design the arm
features custom cycloidal gear boxes
that allow for custom gear reductions to
meet the torque requirements required
for lifting a seven kilogram payload it
is constructed of custom 3d printed
parts that we design and print in-house
as well as machined aluminum and carbon
fiber pieces
[Music]
the soft fingers of the gripper will
allow for maximum grip and full control
for fine manipulation the grippers wrist
can also continuously rotate so actions
such as using a screwdriver are possible
to do with this year's arm
the chassis of the rover is built from
carbon fiber tubes and a Kevlar skid
plate to protect the rover from impact
from below our team has become very
skilled in fabricating our own custom
carbon fiber pieces for our suspension
system and various other parts these
carbon fiber pieces make our Rover light
yet very strong and resilient to impacts
[Music]
for the wheels we use a custom
polyurethane tread inlaid with carbon
fibre and Kevlar to maintain the tread
shape these wheels can climb Hills the
60-degree slope and also act as shock
absorbers with our triple bogie
suspension system our Rover is able to
tackle just about any terrain we throw
ad
[Music]
our drill has been redesigned from the
ground up using a two-stage lead screw
driven design to ensure penetration of
PAC soils up to a depth of 3 inches the
hardened steel sleeve ensures that rocks
will not damage it and our sleeve an
auger will pull dirt into the cache
system to be analyzed by our Institute
science experiment our experiment for
this rover design consists of an
infrared reflectance spectroscopy system
we use a laser diode at 1550 nanometers
and by measuring the light that's
readmitted by our sample we can check
for signs of life in the soil
thanks
