welcome to Waterloo engineering my name
is Fraser and on behalf of the
University of Waterloo robotics team we
are proud to introduce you to our 2019
URC Mars rover over 55 members from four
faculties and more than 10 disciplines
of putting countless hours designing
building and programming our 2019 Rover
these students are divided into five
main sub teams being mechanical
electrical software science and business
since mid-february the team has been
conducting system level testing and task
simulation developing environments to
mimic competition as closely as possible
our drivetrain features a six wheel
rocker-bogie suspension system it was
selected for its ability to clear large
obstacles and dampen frame movements
each wheel is independently powered by
an internal gearbox which allows for
modular servicing the rover is able to
overcome 12 inch obstacles and has a top
speed of 10 feet per second three front
facing cameras allow for an ultra wide
field of view using image stitching that
can be fine-tuned by changing outside
camera angles a gimbal is also used on
the back of the rover for a third-person
view available during all challenges our
Rover consists of a worm driven six
degrees of freedom articulated robotic
arm for fine-tune accuracy and a maximum
payload of five kilograms due to
backlash issues in previous years we
have replaced D chefs and Sesker
couplings with key chess and keyless
bushings for maximum accuracy a
multiaxial wrist was developed using a
bevel gear differential and a slip ring
to decrease the wrist length and enable
the arm to reach in small spaces
absolute encoders are mounted directly
to every joint for inverse kinematics
with limit switches for hard stops the
rover's entire electrical system is
powered by one 24 volt lithium ion
battery which is capable of providing 15
amps of continuous current draw for
almost two hours
there are two 24 to 12 volt converters
on the rover one delivers power to the
Jetson camera sensors and other digital
peripherals while the other one
power to the arm and science module
motors we also monitor the voltage and
current of the battery using our
custom-designed safety board and current
sensors for the rover's main PC we're
using an Nvidia Jetson TX to do its
processing power required for our
algorithms and do - it can bus support
required for our peripheral interfacing
we're using Ross to break down the
software stack into many sub components
and to facilitate message passing
between all these sub components we
wanted the control of our new Rover to
be simple and intuitive so we designed a
brand new graphical user interface that
supports viewing all important data
coming from our Rover including multiple
camera views important diagnostic info
visualizers for the arm position
localization and autonomy and controls
information for the operator all Rover
diagnostic and telemetry data as well as
control commands from the base station
to the Jetson will be transmitted over
the 900 megahertz band to provide better
performance over longer distances with
limited line-of-sight the video feed and
camera captures which are vital for
navigation and the science tasks will be
sent over the 2.4 gigahertz band both
antennas on the rover are
omnidirectional fill out the flexible
control of the rover in any orientation
on the base station side the 900
megahertz transceiver is on the
directional well that 2.4 gigahertz
antenna is directional and tracks the
rover autonomously using its GPS
location for autonomy stock we are using
a Z depth camera as well as ultrasonic
sensors provision along with IMU GPS and
wheel encoders for odometry we use the
stereo imagery from the depth camera
along with ultrasonic ranges at the
corners of the rover to detect
unforeseeable obstacles these obstacles
are fed into our cost map module which
tracks and filters nearby obstacles over
time this cost map is used by our path
planner which uses the dynamic window
approach algorithm to select the optimal
trajectory to advance towards the goal
while avoiding the obstacles when in
range of the goal we use another
computer vision algorithm to detect the
technical sciences aim is to use life
detection instrumentation and analyses
to determine whether extant extinct or
no life exists in rock and soil samples
we designed five onboard soil tests
and we'll analyze rock samples to
determine any forms of life or lack
thereof soil protein analysis utilizes
the reagent ninhydrin to detect amino
acids by reacting with free amines to
produce a deep blue or violet color rock
sample analysis involves meticulous
visual analysis starting with looking
for evidence of life such as microbial
mats and stromatolites the University of
Waterloo robotics team would like to
thank all of its hard-working members
and dedicated sponsors for a great start
to the season we look forward to
continuing testing and integration in
preparation for urc 2019
