welcome to you Waterloo engineering my
name is Tony and on behalf of the
University of Waterloo Rover team I am
proud to introduce you to our 2020 you
RC Mars rover ye over 50 members for
more than a dozen disciplines across
various faculties have spent the past
seven months designing building and
programming our 2020 Rover our team is
organized into five divisions being
mechanical electrical software science
and business over the past month the
team has been busy conducting full
system tests and tasks simulation in
environments which are designed to
closely mimic the competition our
drivetrain features a four-wheel
suspension system selected for its
lightweight ability to overcome
medium-sized obstacles and ease of
maintenance the rover features 12 inch
balloon tires and is able to overcome
16-inch obstacles and has a top speed of
6 miles per hour the newly designed
robotic arm which has a maximum lifting
capacity of 25 pounds is capable of
holding 10 pounds at full extension we
implemented linear actuators and worm
driven joints to reduce backlash in
doing so a lightened design was created
and validated through FAA without
compromising on performance
this year's arm has 5 degrees of freedom
and a continuous rotation wrist which
interfaces with a new end effector
design featuring load sensing
capabilities achieved with a force
sensitive resistor and attachments such
as an allen key tool tip to simplify
task completion the forearm and wrist
assembly features a compact profile and
half the weight of last season's design
while the end effector has the same
footprint but extends almost one and a
half times as wide finally compared to
last season's design dead shaft joints
were used extensively to eliminate the
need for keyed shafts on many joints
easing manufacturing assembly and
maintenance this season science module
improves upon last year's sample
extraction mechanism by creating a more
precise soil extraction and deposition
mechanism instead of an auger this
seasons module utilizes a belt driven
shovel system that lifts the collected
sample up through a slot in the
centrifuge and deposits the sample into
one of eight test tubes the centrifuge
is indexed by a Geneva Drive mechanism
with the test tube sealed off using a
sealing lid
the samples are initially analyzed via
temperature and humidity sensors which
enter the soil sample during the
extraction process finally the entire
module has a footprint of under 1.5
cubic feet and weighs less than 15
pounds this year's electrical design
focused on refining our existing designs
and improving overall system reliability
our new electrical box provides greater
accessibility to the performance
container thing which will no doubt be
useful in the heat of the competition
this is enabled by the fact that module
specific boards arm and science are
mounted onto their respective modules
rather than in the electrical box itself
the new addition to the rover this year
is a safety board which water is the
various voltage rails of the system as
well as reads the output of six current
sensors that monitor the current through
the motors on the current module this
year the team we are connected the rover
software from the ground up with an
emphasis on reliability and robustness
we wanted to make sure that the Rovers
performance across all the tops were
stable and consistent implementing
contingencies as countermeasures to
potential system failures all of our
custom boards are connected on two
separate can networks running software
that will automatically switch to the
other network when it detects bus issues
we also had a focus on improving
teleoperation controls to make them
simpler and more intuitive our
drivetrain can be controlled through
open-loop voltages closed-loop speeds or
even commanded to maintain a certain
position our arm can also be controlled
in open-loop closed-loop speed and
closed loop position modes as well we're
also working on improving our inverse
kinematics control so that the operator
can command the arms end effector
position the operator can quickly cycle
through all of these control schemes and
choose the one that's most appropriate
for the task at hand our autonomy
software is written within the flexp
behavior engine framework to be able to
organize and facilitate the various
autonomy routines operators can adjust
the level of autonomy which enables them
to pause in between the autonomous tasks
legs to enter or adjust GPS coordinates
and ensure the system is working
properly the rover navigates the targets
based off a simple vector field approach
that uses GPS fix and I'm you to compare
its location in relation to the target
this can be visualized in map is to
ensure the system works properly we use
open source packages to achieve reliable
vision
the vision system was initially tested
on a Roomba robotics platform so we
could quickly prototype and iterate on
it this translated well into the rover
where we tested it outdoors and
conditions similar to a competition in
terms of terrain our Rover also has
access to a Zaid camera which provides
real-time depth data which can be used
for obstacle avoidance this year's Rover
features comms running on 900 megahertz
2.4 gigahertz and 5 gigahertz we have
implemented automatic load balancing so
that more network traffic goes through
the frequencies with higher bandwidth
