[Music]
hello everyone my name is Mattie Bertha
and the leader and chief designer of the
University of Warsaw Robert II and I
would like to introduce you to our 2019
thrower and terrors to hunters to is
based on our last year's construction
which we have utilized at the URC we
feel this over design was very good to
run out of time to fully test all the
features implement some important
additions we have decided to keep the
mobility system with no major changes as
it performed well last year we are using
the popular 50 centimeter will ease the
mix with powerful brushless DC motors
not inside the tires are slightly under
inflated insured better ground contact
and smooth passage over uneven obstacles
advanced motor controls enable accurate
speed a lesson in precise positioning
when needed one of the most important
components of our machine is a strong
durable and multi-purpose arm it's a
reliable solution proven in the previous
competitions with some incremental
improvements the arm is capable of heavy
lifting as well as more precise
manipulation its power allows the rover
to manipulate objects with a mass of 15
kilograms and to lift the entire vehicle
if needed the claws deform elastically
when grasping irregular shapes in order
to increase the holding strength for
this year we are also developing an
additional mini arm which will operate
alongside the main one
during the equipment servicing task it
is designed solely to dexterous
operations
using keyboard or small switches
[Music]
our robber will be equipped with an
advanced science subsystem we have made
two major improvements in this area
firstly we have developed a sample
collection system which will work with
every soil type secondly our scientific
team got strengthed by a brand new Astra
biological section our job is to prepare
a set of experiments that would identify
organic compounds associated with life
and if possible life itself in terms of
the former we will try to detect such
molecules as proteins sugars nucleic
acids free amine residues free
phosphoric acid methane hydrogen sulfide
and ammonia in terms of life detection
however we will perform growing microbes
on a petri dish and microscopic
observations of course just like last
year we will also perform a set of
geological tests including soil
temperature humidity pH radioactivity
and presence of carbonates
[Music]
we are making big changes to our
electronics instead of high of the
integrated monolithic system we have now
opted for multiple smaller specialized
models robustness of the connection was
vastly improved by switching from the
SPI to canvas Nvidia Justin TX to
replace Raspberry Pi as our main control
module while the old 80 mega micro
controllers were replaced by STM 30 days
long distance control occurs over
ubiquity Rockets at 2.4 gigahertz at 900
megahertz operating redundantly our
software represents a further
development of the previous version
multiple improvements are being made
chiefly to improve variability of the
autonomous mode and ease of operation
during the manipulation tasks who the
more we've moved our cart from C++
Triton speeding up the development of
the high level software last year with
debuted in University rovol challenge
this year we want to win it we believe
that our heart walk and unyielding
determination will enable us to do so
see you in user
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
