hello and welcome to the University of
Waterloo robotics team over the past
year our team has worked incredibly hard
to develop our newly designed Mars Rover
robot Rocky
in this video we are excited to showcase
our Rover's capabilities and present our
team's 2023 system acceptance review
submission
this year's Rover features a brand new
Mobility platform our new drivetrain
utilizes six wheels coupled to a rocker
bogey suspension and differential bar
this allows us to keep our Rover chassis
level and maintain Four Points of
contact with the ground through the
variety of severe terrain we can expect
to encounter in extreme retrieval and
delivery missions
each wheel is independently driven by a
brushless DC motor and planetary gearbox
12-inch balloon tires are used to absorb
Collision impacts and maintain the
traction on uneven Terrain
during the retrieval and delivery
Mission our Rover will deploy with our
new six degree of Freedom arm we have
carefully designed our arm linkages to
move Mass towards pivot Points and have
switched from brushed to brushless
motors to drive our arm joints in an
effort to increase maximum arm payload
each arm joint is driven by a powerful
brushless DC motor and a combination of
timing belts planetary or harmonic
gearboxes and custom gear trains and
should be well equipped to handle
heavier payloads on the field
each arm actuator features pre-reduction
Hall sensors and post-reduction absolute
High Precision magnetic encoders our
encoders and Motors all interface with o
drive brushless DC motor controllers to
allow our operators to utilize open loop
position control velocity control ramped
velocity control and torque control on
each joint in addition to lower level
control modes we also implemented a
Cartesian controller to manipulate the
end effector with higher Precision the
arm will be controlled by an inverse
kinematic solver generated by move it
API and will interface to joysticks and
buttons for teleoperation at the end of
our arm our newly designed and effector
features compliant rubber pads to
improve gripping capabilities on unique
shapes the end effector is driven by a
non-back drivable lead screw to ensure
that items picked up by the end effector
will stay within this grasp additionally
a wrist mounted camera is located at the
base of the end effector to provide
operators with a wider field of view of
the arm to line up high Precision tasks
support our new drivetrain and arm we've
completely revamped our electrical
architecture the Rover is powered by a
48 volt lithium-ion battery which Powers
the Rover through a BMS system our newly
designed power distribution board
distributes 48 volts to the drivetrain
and reduces the battery voltage to 17
and 5 volt rails to support the sensors
Motors and actuators throughout the
Rover
external to the power distribution board
a 24 volt rail is produced using a high
power Buck converter which then Powers
the arm Motors an e-stop is connected to
the side of the chassis to allow for
emergency interventions if a system
failure is observed
this year's Rover also features a new
science mechanism an elevator mounted
sensor head will be used to elevate
prospective soil deposits prior to
sample inspection by measuring CO2 level
temperature and moisture if a sample is
promising the science mechanism will
utilize a drill and suction mechanism to
collect dirt and deposit soil samples
onto onboard test tubes the test tubes
on board the Rover will support an in
hydrogen testing for protein detection
and pH and nitrogen levels present in
the soil samples will be analyzed using
non-toxic indicators
the software team this year has pivoted
from Ross to Ross to enabling the use of
updated nav2 package Behavior trees and
plugins within the navdeep packet to
make the autonomy stack modular and
allow us to quickly iterate for odometry
we are combining wheel encoder as well
as IMU and GPS from a vector nav sensor
to accurately localize the robot
additionally we are using a Z2 stereo
camera to provide depth data and detect
aruko tags the uruko tag detection
package was custom built with the
benefit of having many tunable
parameters to adapt to different
environments
finally custom navigation algorithms
will be implemented for path planning
and controlling motion finalizing the
autonomy stack
our Rover will maintain Communications
with our operators using our base
station and receiver antennas the
communication system runs on 900
megahertz two point per gigahertz and 5
gigahertz fans the 5 gigahertz band is
used for high-speed video streaming for
real-time control through Rover the two
point per gigahertz is used for General
communication over mid-range distance
and a 900 megahertz band is used for
long range communication with the rubber
for essential data this ensures steady
communication with our Rover during the
competition missions even if it's Auto
direct line of sight of the base station
antennas
moving forward our team will employ
further testing and validation for each
of our Rover's functions to assess our
capabilities we will Implement mock
missions to simulate the conditions
encountered in Utah and assess our
Rover's performance and operator
proficiency we will continue to improve
our Rover's design to gear up for
competition thank you for watching
