[Music]
aloha the university of quebec is proud
to present vip team rose's first ever
system acceptance review for the usc
2022 competition to compete in the new
york city team rose has designed a
six-wheeled rover capable of all
challenges stated in the 2022 ursc
rulebook last semester the rover was
designed fully in cad this semester we
have built a prototype for our
competition design
due to supply chain issues not all parts
were received before the sar deadline so
the team used what we had to get the
prototype rolling our competition rover
will look more similar to the cad model
shown
several components such as the wheels
and materials shown in this video will
be further optimized prior to the
competition
to overcome the challenging martian
terrain we decided on a linear bogey
suspension design the linear bogey
utilizes a differential bar connected by
two articulating linkages which keeps
the rover body level over uneven ground
our rover is composed of an aluminum
chassis carbon fiber composite and
aluminum linkage suspension which
optimize strength for withstanding
collisions
the rover has a low center of gravity to
ensure that the rover meets its incline
requirement of 30 degrees
our low pressure inflatable tires allow
for conformable service contact with the
ground to increase traction when
climbing up steep slopes and traversing
rough obstacles
to complete the equipment servicing
mission we designed a five degree of
freedom articulated robotic arm with a
two finger parallel end effector
featuring a rack and pinion mechanism
the rack and pinion design directly
drives the fingers movement and has a
stronger grip compared to some
traditional grippers and the longer rack
allows the end effector to easily grasp
objects five centimeters long linear
actuators controlling the shoulder and
elbow pitch allow the arm to pick up
objects up to 5 kilograms in mass and
are more robust to shock loads for the
extreme retrieval and delivery mission
the worm gear in the wrist pitch
provides a high ratio speed reduction to
increase the provided torque
these design choices ensure that the arm
can easily push buttons flip switches
open drawers undo latches type on a
keyboard and insert a usb stick
two cameras will be mounted on the wrist
of the arm to provide the operator with
live stereoscopic video feed optimized
for teleoperation while performing
dexterous tasks the arm and end effector
will be printed from abs cf 10 which
reduces the weight of the arm subsystem
while maintaining the structural
properties comparable to 6061 aluminum
here at the autonomy team we developed
an autonomous navigation stack to
traverse the go away points the rover's
global pose is estimated using an
extended common filter fused with gps
and imu data local pose is estimated
from visual inertial odometry using an
intel t265 tracking camera powered by
orb slam 3. the rover's surroundings are
mapped using an intel d455i depth camera
and its point cloud data
using mapping software our rover is able
to differentiate uneven terrain from
untraversible obstacles
using the rover's posed with mapping the
path planning module uses cost maps to
generate a feasible path multiple recoil
tags are detected by the rover's onboard
camera providing an accurate estimate of
the tag's pose
to address our power needs for the rover
our team has decided to build our own
electrical power system our power system
will be utilizing in-house built battery
packs manufactured from lithium-ion
cells power conditioning modules will
provide voltage regulators for separate
control and motor drive buses for switch
power applications for our communication
system we've chosen to operate within
the 2.4 gigahertz spectrum using an
ad-hoc point-to-point single-channel
802.11 wi-fi network to allow for
bi-directional data transfer with
sufficient bandwidth for live video
streaming the operator will control the
rover using a web app implemented in
node.js to maximize interface
flexibility reconfiguration of the
rover's arm allows for non-invasive
in-situ analysis of both rock and soil
samples a high-resolution camera
provides visualization of macroscopic
features indicative of life and
potential surfaces ideal for further
analysis
mounted above the camera is a probe head
sending signals via fiber optic cables
to our custom-made raman spectrometer
the collected spectra are used for
distinct identification of mineral
compositions and potential biomarkers a
shovel scoops and deposits soil from
each site into one of three designated
chambers where samples will be prepared
into solutions using high-speed magnetic
stirrers using multi-channel parasitic
pumps small sample volumes are injected
into a compact microfluidic chip that
can perform rapid chemical analyses
simultaneously
paper-based color metric assays are
embedded into the chip for detecting
amino acids carbohydrates and ammonia
the rover's communication system will
transmit instrumental data to the
control station to analyze using
spectral analysis software and image
processing techniques team rose is a
first year team proposing to compete in
the 2022 urc and introduce the
university of hawaii at manoa to the
community of competitive robotics put
together by the mars society our rover
has been built from the ground up with
the intent of competing in all
challenges at the urc though we do not
have all components that we design for
due to supply chain issues we are
confident in our ability to acquire and
manufacture all remaining components
within spec of our intended design and
the time frame of the competition
