hello we are the Washington State
University Rover team and this is our
submission for the University Rover
competition 2023.
since our University's last showing at
the URC we have overhauled our Rover
completely and have started from scratch
the Rover has a variety of Integrated
Systems in order to accomplish the
challenges of the URC the principle one
of these is our rocker bogey suspension
during initial testing we determined
that a Rover of this size should be able
to scale a 400 millimeter rectangular
beam vertically straight from the front
in order to do this we gave our
suspension plus or minus 20 degrees of
tilt operating at a combined 12.8
efficiency our six Field Drive system is
capable of hitting speeds of five feet
per second about an average walking
speed at torques of 90 newton meters at
stall this allows us to Traverse any
obstacle we should come up against even
allowing us to climb a vertical surface
our newly designed arm features six
degrees of freedom and is driven by
custom in-house machined worm gearboxes
for ease of servicing the arm can be
removed with four quick disconnect pins
our electrical system utilizes
off-the-shelf components along with
custom printed circuit boards with a
modular design components can be easily
swapped
cable harnesses allow for a quick
Detachment of components
all but one motor controlling the arm is
mounted at the base and through a series
of chains and belts motion is
transmitted throughout the arm with
carbon fiber tubes lightweight aluminum
caps and low mounted Motors the arm is
kept light and agile
our Rover uses three 12 volt lithium
iron phosphate batteries wired in
parallel and with a 30 amp hour charge
the Rover can comfortably drive for 30
minutes to an hour depending on Terrain
the arm is equipped with absolute
position encoders on every axis to Aid
in the inverse kinematic model
the inverse kinematic model and PID
allows for easy natural movement of the
arm
most metal Parts on the Rover have been
machined by us in-house though our
current claw prototype is completely
plastic safe for its gears a metal
prototype is in the works right now
the claw also features our custom worm
gears and ring gears to drive its
knuckle joints it features compliant
spring-loaded fingertips to grip a
variety of surfaces as an effect of the
worm gear design each claw finger is
individually a drop-in Dropout component
the clock can be run with 2 4 and even
three fingers
the Rover features a main breaker which
can cut off power to all Motors in case
of emergency
in order to accomplish the variety of
missions that the Rover must achieve
during its time at competition we have
designed a tool change system for the
end of our arm this allows us to mount a
basic claw for grasping and pulling
objectives a auger for soy collection
and a screwdriver for removing the
screws on the Lander
our custom printed circuit board houses
a microprocessor to handle all gpio
signals as well as rooting gyroscope GPS
and Atmospheric sensors
also on the PCB are pwm drivers and
motor controllers the microprocessor
communicates with our Jetson Xavier over
serial the Jetson handles a bulk of the
processing of the Rover we have chosen
to implement the robotic operating
system also called Ross we have chosen
to write most of our software in Python
and Ross allows for the convenient
implementation of multiple different
scripts Ross also has built-in
communication allowing for communication
between Ross devices our Rover contains
a Ross device and our base station also
contains a Ross device for communication
we are using 2.4 gigahertz and 900
megahertz antennas to communicate over
Wi-Fi
we have video streaming using opencv
Python scripts that also communicate
through Ross's connectivity and
currently supports two streams of video
one from The Rovers tower cam and one
from its claw
in order to carry out the science
Mission our Rover can be equipped with
an auger that will dig samples out of
the ground these samples can be placed
in a funnel which lead into our science
module our science module injects test
chemicals into test tubes that sit on a
rotating chamber these test chemicals
test for the presence of protein and
sugars in the sample these samples get
rotated in front of a diffraction
grating photo spectrometer which will
beam color readings back to our base
additionally the science module is
equipped with a USB microscope which can
send back microscope images of the
sample we search for microfossils as a
sign of life
now that mechanical design has been
mostly finalized and the basics of the
code are working we are moving towards
more advanced objectives these include
the implementation of Slam simultaneous
localization and mapping for a Rover so
it can do obstacle avoidance as well as
GPS Waypoint navigation we're planning
on integrating these two very closely so
as the Rover is navigating to its GPS
waypoints it will be able to choose the
path of least resistance on its Journey
we appreciate your consideration in the
2023 URC and look forward to competing
with all the other teams
