[Music]
[Music]
we embarrasses a Robotics Club based out
of Western University this year our team
has nearly doubled up to 40 active
members working on the rover this has
allowed us to increase the difficulty
and scope of the projects were working
on to do this we've divided our team up
into four different groups being
software science electrical and
mechanical my team is developing
computer vision and autonomous
navigation software we're using the Ross
framework for a project which loves us
display each separate task and do a
different Ross node so they can run
concurrently the computer vision
algorithms have been implemented with
open CV on a stereoscopic camera which
will allow the rover to locate the
tennis balls on top of the goalposts in
3d space the path planning we
implemented an algorithm that it takes a
3d mesh generated fluid camera and
calculates Traverse ability heuristics
allowing the rover to find the best path
towards the goal
everything will be run on a Nvidia
Jetson px 1 which will allow everything
to be run in real time the goal of the
science sub team is to determine the
likelihood that the soil can support
microbial life using geological context
and data from on or over and in lab
analysis a scoop attachment for a
manipulator will take 10 centimeters
below the soil and collect samples
temperature and pH probes are fixed on
the end to take NC 2 measurements the
soil sample will be carried into the
onboard lab which is equipped with a
grinder that refines the sample and
drops a soil into to easily remove
one compartment will mix the soil with
water and two-page provo record
measurements the other will be sealed
and removed for later analysis in the
lab a variety of techniques are used to
obtain important information about the
soil composition of microbiology
chemical reactions color charts and
polarized light microscopy is used to
determine the mineral composition and
nutrient levels an optical microscope
will also be used to obtain direct
counts of bacteria within the sample the
electrical team has developed a system
that incorporates safety efficiency and
protection there are two lithium cell
batteries that provide power to the
rover the numerous motors on the rover
used victor speed controllers that are
connected to our power distribution
panel this panel is also directly
connected with the robots main
communication system the robo reel the
Robo Rio allows for multiple analog and
digital sensors in a compact and
regulated space the onward science
experimentation systems various sensors
are all connected to the Robo Rio and
the voltage regulator module to ensure
that all the electrical components are
protected there's an acrylic casing
around the entire electrical panel this
cover is the largest circuit elements
and most importantly keeps the battery
protected from any debris or moving
objects The Weavers worker consists of a
six wheeled rocker-bogie system
supporting the central each wheel has a
motor contained internally to protect it
from debris and obstacles the rover can
climb over obstacles of 42 centimeters
in height and can navigate slopes with a
45 degree incline the platform is kept
leveled by a differential system and
holds the manipulator at the front and
the controls in the rear the manipulator
arm has 6 degrees of freedom plus 2
swappable end effectors a gripper and
bucket additionally the arm can hold a
mass up to 3 kilograms at full extension
the rover was initially constructed with
aluminum which makes it robust but heavy
since the rover has already been
constructed the mechanical team this
year is focusing on ways to lighten the
rover we have already started to swap
some components with carbon fiber and
non essential parts with plastics
[Music]
[Music]
we will continue to improve our Rover in
the future in addition to changing some
parts of the rover with carbon fiber
parts our science and software teams are
continuing to test new designs we will
be designing and building a drill and
attempting to make our own mass
spectrometer to better address the
science portion of the competition
finally we will be improving our
navigation system to make it more robust
and able to better navigate the terrain
our team looks forward to the future and
the improvement of our Rover we would
like to thank our sponsors for their
contribution thank you for watching
