we are Wisconsin robotics and this is
our 2020 Rover tempest through
continuous integration and testing we
have developed tempest to handle the
missions of the University Rover
challenge this year we simplified driver
controls and focused a modular design
the drive system is comprised of a six
wheel rocker-bogie and a differential
bar the maneuverability and the
structure of the rocker-bogie allows for
continuous contact between the wheels
and the ground even on the most rugged
of surfaces the differential bar rotates
in the vertical plane to efficiently use
space we redesign the pivoting points of
the frame to increase resistance to
transverse loads the wheels are made of
a combination of aluminum spokes and a
Kevlar shell to make a sturdy and very
lightweight design the V pattern rubber
grousers are mounted onto the outside of
the wheel to increase traction tempest
features a kinematically redundant six
degree of freedom manipulation system
this allows for increased
maneuverability and optimizes required
joint energy in order to achieve this
type of precision the arm uses various
gear and belt drives supported by
absolute position feedback a dual camera
system provides depth perception to the
arm operator a lead screw drives the
unde effector to ensure stability and
robustness swappable grippers are easily
changed to adapt to each mission we are
developing inverse kinematics to
streamline operations this abstracts the
complex control of the arm away from the
user to enable precise movement the team
is updated the rover's onboard
electronics to primarily support
off-the-shelf components which allows
faster bring up and easier debugging an
Nvidia Jetson nano provides necessary
computational power in a compact form
factor to securely connect peripherals
to the Jetson we have designed a
breakout board with controllable relays
to reboot devices without the need of an
intervention tempest features a wide
view camera one meter above the ground
it's camera mouse is tensioned by steel
cables to avoid it stable video feed
while traversing uneven to
rain for long distance communication we
are using two interchangeable radio
systems one 2.4 gigahertz and one 900
megahertz both proven to meet the harsh
requirements of URC
this year the software team has improved
the robustness of the system by
increasing the modularity of previous
software designs the team sees in the
newly released rows melodic and enable
direct communication with the robbers
motor controllers ba you are we have
implemented code to detect
malfunctioning sensors and update the
robbers execution plan for example by
recording right commands sent to the
rubber pads can be plotted and
automatically replay backwards in real
time for image detection and autonomous
navigation data from the supplier is
used to generate an obstacle density
history after applying a set of customs
looting functions the robber combines
the low-density locations in the
histogram data from the GPS an IMU to
calculate the best path towards the goal
this approach guarantees an efficient
and safe way for the robber to navigate
autonomously in order to recognize gates
we analyze high-definition video streams
for shapes that resemble in their
attacks
Bunker's values of these images are then
analyzed against the library to
determine whether we have a match the
Planetary Sciences team has developed a
comprehensive environmental analysis
system starting with a leadscrew guided
soil scooping mechanism the soil is
raised up by a crossbar through the
chemical carousel and funneled into
several onboard color changing tests
high-definition cameras will allow us to
detect with our vital nutrients like
nitrogen and phosphorus are present in
the sample to round out our planet's
area analysis suite we have included a
soil moisture and temperature sensor to
gauge the presence of liquid water in
addition to chemical testing our system
includes a microscopic imager that will
help us to identify morphologies and
other significant geological indicators
of life this combination of testing
methods will grant an efficient reliable
and diverse approach to analyzing soil
and rock samples at the University Rover
challenge in order to continue improving
our competition ready Rover we have
developed a number of testing methods
for both the rover and our drive team
and our testing suite combines almost
all the manipulation tests into a 5
kilogram box
to test the functionality of our
manipulation system for autonomous
testing we have created a small hardware
duplicate of the rover to allow her full
algorithm testing in an indoor
environment in the upcoming months we
also plan to continue pushing the
capabilities of our drive system to
handle er diem as well as testing our
planetary analysis suite with a variety
of soil samples this combination of
testing procedures will ensure that
tempest is fully capable of completing
all mission successfully Wisconsin
robotics is excited and prepared to
compete at this year's University Rover
challenge
