we are Wisconsin robotics
this is our 2019 rover horizon horizon
has been designed with a conscious
effort to optimize performance and power
usage and motor control while retaining
previously successful features our drive
system uses a rocker-bogie design with
adjustable ride height to allow the
rover to adapt to any terrain at my face
this allows the rover to adjust its
ground clearance for hazardous terrain
as well as lower center of gravity to
traverse steep slopes this year we have
decided to revamp the differential by
making it perpendicular to the chassis
our returning wheel design features in
mule motors driving a kepler tire
supported by aluminum spokes this design
is extremely durable and features a
rubber grouser pattern that enables our
Rover to maintain traction at all times
the chassis team has iterated on the
embedded system used on our previous
Rover
focusing on improving reliability and
adding more complex features the team
design market controller on board uses
free yard toss a real-time operating
system for a dead Hardware for
controlling Rover hardware and sensors
for motor control we're using basic
micro Robo claw motor controllers which
offer a number of features such as
built-in PID control for velocity and
position for long distance communication
we're using two commercial radio systems
2.4 gigahertz and 900 megahertz both
proven to meet the harsh requirements of
URC the design of horizon six degree of
freedom arm focuses on maximizing the
system's precision and minimizing the
difficulty of operator control to
accomplish this an inverse kinematics
software solution with the assistance of
open rave has been implemented
abstracting the control of individual
joints away from the operator in order
to achieve this type of precision
electromechanical II the arm uses
various gear and belt drive supported by
absolute position feedback with an
emphasis on efficient motor placement
and power usage with a clamp style
manipulator made compact using a worm
gear drive the arm is more than capable
of deft accurate manipulate
the grips is elastomer material is
compressible so that it will securely
grasp items of various shapes the wrist
is able to rotate 180 degrees and we are
prototyping systems to attach the
opposite face for specific tasks such as
the screwdriver to find evidence for
life each side we will be using a
two-part system for retrieval and Rock
analysis our soil collection - involves
a marker that will be driven into the
soils using a linear actuator to
transport oil internalizes tool where
we'll be attempting to perform a series
of chemical tests to detect organic
compound and nutrients that are
necessary for microbial life for our
samples we'll be using a microscopic
imager which provides up to 375 times
magnification to study their texture and
coloration we're also experimenting with
implementing a Raman spectroscopy to
detect organic compound into rock
samples which will greatly simplify our
system while providing detailed
information we have built a prototype
and are currently working on to retrieve
meaningful data from it before
integrating that into their Rover this
year the software team decided to
evaluate and redesign the structure of
our underlying code using Ross in order
to improve organization and readability
we improved our software architecture
structuring our code based on definitive
features of the physical Rover because
of the existing code modularity the
drive system can pull information from
multiple sources this includes and
enables at all times
driver commands through joysticks or
autonomous navigation assisted by GPS
coordinates from an IMU
this modularity carries over to all
subsystems of the rover with in the
autonomous logic we have designed an
algorithm that searches camera feeds for
objects that resemble the roundness and
you of a tennis ball using this
information we can not only detect goals
during the autonomy task but also
provide important feedback and visuals
to drivers during many of the challenges
in the cop
specifically during the autonomous
navigation task we make use of a Zed
stereo camera and light our sensor to
provide detailed information about the
surrounding area
utilizing point clouds from the Zed we
can separate obstacles from the ground
plane and identify how best to avoid
them
additionally the utilization of the
lidar pointed at an angle allows us to
detect cliff edges and avoid unexpected
Falls the processing of this data as
well as any other onboard logic
processing is done using an Nvidia
Jetson tx2 we're taking various
approaches to simulate our help tests
for the competition examples include a
mock surfacing lander and a programmable
I robot platform this platform allows us
to test and refine all evasion
recognition and obstacle avoidance code
for implementation on the rover we are
excited to attend the 2019 University
Rover challenge with our already
competitive Rover over the upcoming
months we'll be improving in iterating
upon our design to ensure complete
mission success
