[Music]
we're Wisconsin robotics at the
University of wisconsin-madison this is
our 2018 URC roburt ascent mark to the
scent mark 2 is an improved and freshly
built iteration of our previous Rover
scent
the team has maintained the successful
core concepts of ascent while improving
system capability and reliability we're
using a rocker-bogie system with an
adjustable wheel base and ride height
this will allow our Rover to adapt to
any terrain scenario in a matter of
seconds currently we are using a wheel
design familiar to the team an in wheel
motor is surrounded by a Kevlar shell
this is mounted two aluminum's books
which support the entire wheel currently
the mark 2 utilizes the robotic arm the
mark one used in URC 2017 this is to
allow for immediate testing of control
systems and general other functionality
while developing and testing a new
design in parallel the mark 1 arm
offers the required functionality
incorporating a belt driven system and a
linear actuator at the shoulder joint
the mark 2 arm improves upon the concept
by removing the use of all belts and
focusing on efficient usage of actuators
a sixth degree of freedom which we plan
to use during the equipment servicing
task is in development it places the
entire arm on a set of linear rails to
allow for simple rotation of the crank
shaft the manipulator is an improved
version of the design we used last year
it is also equipped with a magnetic
solenoid to give us an adequate pecking
motion when using the keyboard in the
equipment servicing task we will combine
all of these features with inverse
kinematics for quick and efficient arm
control the embedded system of mark 2
has been dramatically overhauled the
focus on reliability and recovery the
computer radio microcontrollers and IP
cameras communicate over Ethernet which
allows their over to recover from
intermittent link failures due to
vibrations or false the custom arm and
drive microcontrollers have integrated
Ethernet and power regulation systems
and use the industry proven free Artist
TCP stack for communication with the
other systems for communication with the
base station the team is using two
off-the-shelf commercial radio systems
at 900 megahertz and 2.4 gigahertz these
systems have proven to meet the range in
line-of-sight constraints of URC
motor control is done with ion motion
control Robo claws for our high level
software control stack
you're using Ross the popular
open-source robotics frame with Ross
allows for decentralized communication
between all of the rover's components
including autonomy drive control and the
base station for the mark 2's autonomous
software we have divided the stack into
two portions navigation for general
terrain traversal and obstacle avoidance
in computer vision for detecting the
tennis ball at the gate the navigation
portion will take us close enough to the
gate by using GPS coordinates and the
vision portion will detect the tennis
ball at the gate and take us to within 2
meters of it we have taken a slam based
approach for navigation and obstacle
avoidance slam or simultaneous
localization and mapping allows us to
build a map of everything that we've
seen using a depth camera and put
ourselves inside of that map by using
GPS coordinates we can set the
autonomous systems goal to be the
supplied GPS coordinates of the gate
provision we will be using machine
learning to detect tennis balls rather
than using a simple computer vision
masking approach once the tennis ball
has been detected we will use depth data
to navigate to within 2 meters and send
back success to the base station to
accomplish these approaches we will be
using a stereo labs said to case stereo
camera our on-board computer is an
Nvidia jetson TX to the TX 2 has a
discrete GPU intended for onboard AI
processing which will be able to handle
all of our computational needs lastly we
will be using an inertial sense meu I&S
for accurate GPS and IMU data to aid in
our navigation both autonomous and
teleoperated to test our autonomous
software we are utilizing gazebo the
simulation platform supported by Ross
additionally we are using an iRobot
create - to test our slam
implementations on a small-scale robot
before running slam on the mark - to
obtain the soil sample for the science
test a collection tool would be attached
to the end of mark - his arm his servo
up at a door while I was to empty the
chamber when needed so we can cycle
unwanted soil through the chamber until
we reached the required depth with the
auger we can then close this door to
hold the sample in both can be emptied
into a container on the rover chassis we
will study the soil using a temperature
and humidity
and an improved microscopic imager which
provides an image of the tested side
soil at 375 times magnification in the
laboratory we'll be using a fertility
probe to measure nitrogen phosphorus
potassium and pH a conductivity sensor
to measure the salinity of the soil and
a variety of chemical tests to determine
the presence of macromolecules essential
to microbial life a scent mark 2 is a
direct representation of Wisconsin
robotics Ezard system design and use a
competitive experience with the
improvements will make room a we're
excited to deliver an even more
outstanding system at USC 2018
