we are Wisconsin Robotics and we are
proud to present our 2023 URC Rover
eclipse this year we increase
functionality while maintaining our
previous system's reliability this
year's drive system consists of a
returning six-wheel rocker bogey design
with a
vert The Rocker bogey system acts as an
active suspension allowing for even
distribution of Rover loads and impacts
over bumpy surfaces and rough Terrain
each wheel consists of aluminum spokes
surrounded by a Kevlar shell with
ingrained grousers that will allow for
proper Traction in the Sandy competition
environment
this season each wheel has been
redesigned with an upgraded assembly
each wheel is now driven by a powerful
brushless motor connected to a planetary
gearbox that will allow for increased
speed torque and efficiency of the drive
system compared to previous years this
robust design will ensure lasting
durability throughout the competition
challenges and Seasons ahead
the arm provides a strong Dynamic and
robust system for grasping
it has a 6 degree of Freedom
kinematically redundant design made to
maximize joint efficiency while keeping
the weight to a minimum
the arm is more than capable of reaching
the 1.5 meter height range and carrying
5 kilograms of weight
encodos are placed on each joint to
allow the use of inverse camera control
the end effector uses a high torque NCR
backdrive system the Clause of the end
effector can grasp more than the five
centimeter of requirement in the tips of
the clutch are flexible allowing them to
conform to the object's shape this year
Wisconsin robotics has decided to
incorporate
we control our drone with a pixhock
flight controller and an Nvidia just a
nano the pixhock is a reliable flight
controller that we will use when we
manually control the Drone and the
Jetson Nano is used as our main
processor for autonomous missions the
Drone have several cameras that will
help in detecting Naruto post during
autonomous navigation Mission we use a
stereo camera system in conjunction with
computer vision techniques such as
template matching algorithms found in
the aruka library
in addition to the cameras on a drone we
will be using sensors like GPS Optical
flow and lidar to improve the accuracy
and reliability of our detection system
furthermore the team is using gazebo a
simulation environment that allows us to
safely test our drone to make sure that
our code works properly before taking it
outside for outdoor testing this
run are on board on world tests a scoop
collects soil from test sites and
deposits it into a funnel once the soil
is deposited the funnel splits the soil
into five colorimetric tests on board
the science box which attaches the
sample pH and look for ammonia proteins
nitrogen phosphorus and potassium the
modular turncable can also hold sample
containers for further analysis of
biologically significant samples a Raman
spectrometer sits next to the turntable
looking at the soil samples Raman
Spectra allows us to determine what
types of molecules are in the soil
making the Raman spectrometer a powerful
tool finally we have a USB microscope
and a moisture sensor which are lowered
To The Ground by a linear actuator
Wisconsin robotics software team is
focused on delivering reliable and
robust software for all subsystems of
the Rover the arm Now features an
inverse kinematics control scheme which
gives the drivers more reliable and
intuitive control of the arm
the Arm Control software also features
control loop-based driving to hold the
position of the arm and safety stops to
prevent damage to the Rover arm or
grasped objects the software has also
been upgraded to support the new Drive
Motors and take advantage of the
advanced features in the new motor
controllers Additionally the software
team migrated or code to the Raspberry
Pi to efficiently communicate with the
new hardware and utilize the gpio
capabilities of the pi we're also
testing the autonomous navigation
software and integrating our current
driving algorithms with the Drone for
the autonomous navigation mission
chess's team has made several
improvements to the Rover's electrical
system including a new enclosure adding
robust gpio capabilities and upgrading
the power distribution board first we
have designed a new enclosure this
enclosure will have interchangeable
layers so that we can have ease of
access to each of the layers next we
have switched our main onboard computer
to a Raspberry Pi this will allow us to
integrate many of our new sensors such
as the time of flight sensor and an RP
lighter module for autonomous navigation
a new distribution board has also been
integrated into the Rover system this
board houses the IMU and GPS it is the
entry between the pi and all onboard
actuators allowing us for improved
actuation and intelligence of our Rover
the team leverages several testing
platforms to ensure competition
Readiness 4 Clips to test the dexterity
of our arm our team uses a test box that
contains many of the equipment surfacing
and erdm challenges such as switches USB
ports and a keyboard we use a five
kilogram toolbox with a handle to ensure
the arm has sufficient carrying strength
for competition
the team tests full system functionality
on the snowy Hills and Fields of
UW-Madison focusing on long distance
Communications tele operation practice
and multiple Drive environments with our
system design in preparation for
competition Wisconsin robotics is ready
to tackle the 2023 University Rover
challenge
