we are wisconsin robotics and we are
proud to present our 2022 rover daybreak
our focus has been on increasing the
reliability and robustness of our design
this included creating stronger wheels
redesigning our arm and developing new
science tests
we also made improvements to our chassis
box and code quality to fully improve
our rover for the university rover
challenge the drive system utilizes a
six rear design that has a rocker boogie
mechanism with a vertical differential
bar that allows the rover to navigate
through rough terrain with relative ease
this design is made to receive heavy
impacts without needing heavy springs
and dampers
the rover's six wheels are made from a
kevlar epoxy mister which is a stiff but
also malleable enough to restrain large
impact forces that will occur when
driving the rover at full speed on the
top of each wheel are grousers that are
made of rubber and will provide traction
when driving across rough terrain such
as sand and locks
these wheels are attached to the motors
via lightroom spokes that are attached
to a wheel hub
each wheel is powered by a bag motor
made by vex attached to a seven to one
versa planetary gearbox that will
provide the bot with a high torque ratio
while still allowing the bot to reach
high speeds
daybreak has a six degree of freedom
kinematically redundant arm
the arm is designed to maximize joint
efficiency and lifting while minimizing
weight the arm can reach the full 1.5
meter height range encoders will be
integrated at each of the joints to
allow the use of inverse kinematic
control thus enhancing overall usability
of the arm
the arm features increased joint
stability to reduce backlash and
facilitate inverse kinematic control
each current draw in the arm will be
limited to reduce the chance of motor
burnout during ik operation
the end effector uses a high torque and
zero back drive system the claws of the
end effector can grasp more than the
full five centimeters the tips of the
claws are flexible allowing them to
conform to the object they grab
the end effector will be able to
manipulate the full range of objects
that it may encounter in the competition
the electrical system of daybreak is
improved from our previous rover designs
for starters we have upgraded the
cameras in order to improve our robot's
vision this will help us when looking
through the cameras and with lag
reduction
next we have upgraded our reaper board
from last year with a new custom ordered
pcb in order to optimize the
distribution of power across daybreak
another important change that we have
made is the modification of the chassis
box in order to support cooling and
prevent the inside components from
overheating
for the autonomous portion we have
upgraded our lidar to improve
performance with less human input a new
addition this year is that we have put a
distance sensor on the front of the
rover to help with cliff avoidance we
believe that all these changes will
improve our rover overall the focus for
software this year was improving the
robustness and functionality of
daybreak's code using a four layer
abstraction model we're able to
compartmentalize program responsibility
and develop highly modular reusable code
the software is modeled in a building
block approach where simple programs are
written in c plus or python and linked
together using the ros noetic framework
we have developed a robust driving
control system for the erdm challenges
focusing on quick response times and
safe operation
we also adapted our serial communication
software to provide extra motor
functionality such as encoder and
current feedback for safer and more
intelligent motion control
we are currently developing intuitive
ik-based arm controls for better
manipulation tuning our long and short
range navigation algorithms and sensors
for the autonomous driving challenge and
creating a hardware layer program for
our new drive motors to take advantage
of their improvements while minimizing
the impact on other software projects
daybreak features a balanced array of
tests for detecting life assessing
habitability and analyzing rock samples
our custom scoop mounted to a crossbar
collects soil depositing each sample
into a funnel system that distributes it
evenly between our chemical tests
on the turntable the rover tests for
proteins and ammonia as prominent
biosignatures and nitrogen phosphorus
potassium and ph as indicators of
habitability
for geologic analysis a 300 times
microscopic imager and moisture sensor
are lowered into the ground by spring
load linear actuator revealing signs of
fossilization and the presence of water
we've also been prototyping a raman
spectrometer to search for organic
molecules and a swappable scoop system
to reduce cross-contamination
the team leverages several testing
platforms and environments to prepare
daybreak and our operators for
completing tasks in the competition for
manipulation preparedness the team uses
a test box that contains many of the
equipment servicing and erdm challenges
side panels of the box hold tasks such
as switches usb port and the keyboard to
practice fine manipulation the overall
box weighs 5 kilograms and has a rope to
test arm and grip strength the software
team uses a miniaturized robot that
contains identical hardware to the rover
for writing and testing software this
platform allows testing of autonomous
teleoperator and drive system code
without needing the entire rover to be
operational
the team will be using the campus for
full system testing focusing on
communications the drive system and tele
operation practice
with our system design our preparedness
for the competition daybreak and
wisconsin robotics will be more than
ready to tackle the 2022 university of
rover challenge thank you to our
sponsors
