[Music]
[Music]
hey everybody how's it going my name's
Matt Miller I'm the president of the WCF
engineering Club now in a six year that
2018 mars rover team is a dedicated crew
of mechanical electrical and software
engineers with help from communication
and hospitality business this year we
are focused on improving the Rover on
the task spec tasks basis making changes
to account for each of its shortcomings
that arose during last year's
competition now let's go check out my
favorite place to be engineering labs
wcu at RIT we still manufacture all our
own parts most of which come from this
facility
[Music]
we have access to a CNC router manual
mills and lathes
[Music]
variety of 3d printers
[Music]
CNC foam cutter and last but not least
CNC mill
[Music]
this in conjunction with the Amtech
gives us almost limitless possibilities
for our machining capabilities
[Music]
and the previous year our brains
performed as expected the only downside
was when a rover flipped over during the
extreme returnbook times this cost the
contents of the bins to fall out and
affect our score integrating a closed
illicit system was a concept that was
thought of last year but never became a
reality due to time constraints this
year we will design lids that remotely
close and keep the contents aboard as
the rover moves over the dream
[Music]
during the competition last year our
solo collection was done by a shovel
like attachment for the arm this was not
the first choice for the selection as we
had a working prototype to the awkard
last year friday competition day the
team realized that the auger system
would not move deep enough to collect
the soil which was 5-7 years due to the
plastic framing around the auger not
being able to work the ground as
expected while it worked out the end the
auger should be fully functional and be
more efficient in last year's collection
this year we plan on utilizing a solar
collection bucket driven by a scissor
lift to collect the soil below the
designated depth of 10 centimetres which
is new this year the top layer of soil
will be discarded and the dirt
underneath will be collected in the soil
bin for experimentation
[Music]
to operate them over our pilots must
obtain a ham radio license as well as to
become familiar with the FCC part 97
million speculations all pilots have
taken a training course regarding radio
theory proper operation practices and
regulation is associated with receiving
and transmitting signals with the
license obtained upon completion of this
course all drivers respect several hours
a week piloting the rover to become
fluent in all aspects of operation the
testing platform also be constructed to
prepare for the equipment servicing
tasks
[Music]
last year our rover was only 50 grams
we want to give ourselves a greater
buffer for this competition there's
several areas we can cut down on weight
without decreasing the structural
Integrity's and carbon players with
these changes we hope to be well under
our 50 kilogram
[Music]
the rover will be able to drive
autonomously in two distinct scenarios
the first scenario will allow for
Waypoint following set by the battle
station
the second will allow for GPS tracking
when available
the first scenario will activate if
called upon when GPS signal is lost in
addition an accelerometer and sonar
sensors will be added for collision and
impartment detection if the sonar
sensors trip the rover will stop and
manual control will activate via a solid
video link if the accelerometer detects
extreme pitch the rover will reverse
direction until a stable angle is
achieved
[Music]
