hi my name is Connor Castle I'm with the
Western University Mountaineer robotics
team we would like to introduce our
robot floor to the University Rover
challenge
the Mountaineer drivetrain sub-teams
objective was to provide a stable
platform to carry all tasks related
payloads during the URC competition
prevention of deflection and vibration
while maintaining traction and mobility
where the main challenge is while
addressing the objectives the drivetrain
was designed with a streamlined system
containing a differential bogie a
reinforced chassis and an integral wheel
hub design the wheel ups featured 3d
printed components to reduce weight
while allowing for transference of
torque the wheels themselves are
polyurethane with treads designed to
enhance trash the Mountaineer
manipulative sub team has been focused
on developing an effective manipulator
capable of achieving all objective set
in both the extreme retrieval and
equipment servicing missions to complete
such tasks to the time requirements such
as structural rigidity both capabilities
and manipulatives except dexterity were
account afford to develop of a
competitive mission-ready manipulator
utilizing six degrees of freedom and
inverse kinematics the mountaineer
manipulator has the ability to complete
tasks in an accurate fashion meanwhile
enabling the user to have ample control
over the manipulators at the position
this includes utilizing three three
linear servos and for dynamics of servos
for an end effector that has a flexible
positioning capabilities in addition a
custom base plate and track design was
designed to improve structural rigidity
my electronic sub team provides the
necessary structure for programming and
communications of the river system since
commercial electronic devices require
different voltage levels and chi limits
the system requires a Power Distribution
architecture capable of converting the
battery voltage to the necessary
voltages of those devices the
communication sub team works on
transmission of data from the base
station to the railroad the system is a
2.4 gigahertz line that is powered by
ubiquity m2 rockets on the base station
side we use in 90-degrees sector antenna
on the rover we have an omnidirectional
antenna we have done reliability testing
on the system and we have found that the
system works up to 1.5 miles and has a
maximum throughput of 87 megabits per
second but the autonomous traversal
tasks the Mountaineer programming sub
team has developed capabilities to
navigate GPS waypoints search for tennis
balls and avoid obstacles and untrue
versatile terrain to facilitate Waypoint
navigation a GPS based path planner will
generate a waypoint that the given
tennis ball coordinate along the way to
the Waypoint if any obstacles are
detected in the path of the river the
river will enter the hazard avoidance
State
tennis-ball detection is performed to
using a tensor flow approach as well as
a basic object detection algorithm the
opencv based object recognition
algorithm can quickly detect the tennis
ball based on shape and color under
ideal conditions the strength of the
tensor flow approach is the ability to
train the neural net to detect the
tennis world under a wide variety of
conditions the mountaineer science sub
team led efforts to determine the most
effective method of identifying
potential cache locations while abiding
by the no spill policy a tiller agitates
the ground to collect subsurface soil
and bring onboard sensors into contact
with the sample brief vectors of
electrical conductivity moisture content
pH levels and temperature are recorded
for each soil sample some sites may be
sampled several times to further support
the signs of life in the area
