hello we're team mountaineers from west
virginia university and we're proud to
present our newest rover design and
demonstrate readiness for the 2022
university rover challenge
meet astro the semi-autonomous system
for traversal and research operations
throughout astros design process we
utilized a systems engineering approach
experienced from previous designs and
student efforts from a variety of
technical backgrounds
for stability and rigidity astro's
chassis plate is supported by a
differential double bogey system in-hub
wheel mounts are paired with 3d printed
tires to control the wheel to terrain
interaction so astro can climb steeper
slopes and navigate rougher terrain
[Music]
the chassis plate allows multiple
mission payloads to be quickly
interchanged supporting custom solutions
for each mission
our communications sub-team implements a
long-range communication system using
the 2.4 gigahertz band that delivers
command information to astro and returns
data from the payloads to the base
station's gui
our gui was made to support individual
mission requirements to improve the
robustness of the communication system
over long distances only the data
requested by the operators is
transmitted over the radio link for
increased redundancy and reliability the
communication system features an
automated system to orient the base
station's directional antenna to face
the rover throughout a mission a
secondary 900 megahertz radio also
serves as a backup communication link in
non-line-of-sight situations
for the extreme retrieval and delivery
mission our design is focused on
reliability strength and flexibility
safety checks such as self-calibration
limited joint angles and data link
redundancy were added to the physical
electrical and communication systems
also the system's emphasis on simplistic
design limits failure points using
cycloidal gearboxes with 420-1 gear
reduction ratios the arm is capable of
lifting objects greater than the maximum
competition weight at full extension the
horizontal cylindrical workspace allows
operator flexibility in rover alignment
while still being able to reach the
objects a compliant clamping end
effector allows the operator to grab
irregularly shaped objects ease of
operation is aided by a flexible control
scheme which can transition between
inverse kinematics and joint control
for the equipment surfacing mission
precision and ease of control were
prioritized the parallel scarab
manipulator arm mounted on a lead screw
driven linear lift allows in-plane
precision movement decoupled from the
vertical movements the parallel scara
arm moves the manipulator center of mass
towards the linear lift to decrease the
cantilevered load reducing deflection
and oscillation
inverse kinematics allow intuitive
operator control of the manipulator
astro's end effector combines a solenoid
used to precisely push buttons and type
on the keyboard a hexagonal bit driver
used to screw in fasteners and a gripper
used to manipulate the joystick drawer
and usb flash drive throughout the
mission
for the autonomous navigation mission
focus was placed on accurate
localization long-range marker detection
and reliable obstacle avoidance astro
uses a pixhawk flight control unit to
combine gps inertial and magnetometer
measurements for a localization solution
tested to one meter acura astro uses
four cameras that can detect a route go
markers reliably up to six meters away
to reach waypoints a cost map generated
from 3d lidar data is used to detect
obstacles in the local environment if a
waypoint is reached without detecting a
marker a square spiral search pattern is
planned and executed the science package
uses a number of chemical tests as well
as visual observations to determine the
presence of extinct or extant life
phalanx solution detects carbohydrates
and the catalase test finds oxidizing
enzymes both of which can identify signs
of accident life finally petrovsky's
test is used to detect proteins
suggesting either extinct or accident
life
a visual light spectrometer and internal
camera observe the reactions
to reduce the possibility of
cross-contamination a vacuum system
consisting of four separate vacuum tubes
is used to transport samples of soil
into an on-board laboratory peristaltic
pumps distribute the reagents to the
cuvettes and the sample centrifuge then
separates the particulates so that more
accurate readings can be made by the
spectrometer
a microscopic imager attached to the
linear lift is used to observe the grain
structure of rocks which provides
insight into the geological history of
an area team mountaineers is excited and
ready for competition in utah this
summer
