West Virginia University the
mountaineers name for the people the
spirit of adventure and curiosity led
them to chart the frontiers of the past
today the West Virginia University team
Mountaineers continues this tradition as
we push forth to the frontiers of the
future the mechanical system was
designed to transport the other
subsystems and interact with the
environments to complete competition
tasks the mechanical design is
hallmarked by a triple bogey drivetrain
that was selected through the
prototyping of several preliminary
designs the arm is five degrees of
freedom consisting of a motor at the
base rotational servo at the wrist and
three linear actuators the arm is able
to rotate a full 360 degrees and can
lift a kilograms the end effector is
interchangeable to various tasks such as
a hook and a gripper 240 volt 40 amp
hour batteries supply power to main rova
systems where the 112 volt 3 amp hour
battery dedicated to the arm and many
players in order to navigate the rover
features and kudos GPS and a9 access ime
for telemetry the rover is to have both
a mast mounted camera at an additional
arm mounted camera to provide better
perspective for interacting with
environments a primary characteristic to
the design is a 16-point solid-state
lighter system this was chosen for
obstacle avoidance due to its lower
computational requirements
the rover carries custom-made powerboard
data acquisition board and motor control
board all integrated into a computer
communications will operate off two
separate bags the primary band will be
2.4 gigahertz which will stream video
and control signals the secondary 900
megahertz band is simultaneously
transmitted lower quality video and
redundant control 6 if 2.4 gigahertz
becomes unreliable Communications will
operate from the 900 megahertz bank if
signal is lost entirely the rover will
begin autonomous operation to regain
Sigma programming of the rover thus far
has been conducted on the proxy
development platform provided by the WVU
interactive robotics laboratory Rus the
robot operating system is used for
software development because of its
modularity and large community this has
allowed us to begin developing and
testing of retail operations and
autonomy functions including Waypoint
navigation obstacle avoidance mission
planning and application of computer
vision techniques that will be
implemented into the main rover during
autonomous traversal tasks a
notification of the target location will
be transmitted to the rover the rover
will follow a control policy math by
reactively avoiding obstacles to reach
the goal when the rover is in proximity
of the goal it will begin driving in a
randomized trajectory using computer
vision to search for the monster after
detection of the marker the rover will
use visuals are going to drive towards
the goal until the rover is within 2
meters the rover will explore the
potential of life as we know it how do
we define life as we know it life is
composed of four basic complex molecules
nucleotides proteins carbohydrates and
lipids all carbon-based environments
suitable for life include moisture
presence of certain minerals such as
clay and loose material to allow for the
growth of plants and microbes the rover
is equipped with sensors to measure soil
moisture and temperature and cameras to
document geology if suitable conditions
for life are determined team
Mountaineers will proceed to analyze
samples to detect the presence of
proteins via an in hydron reagent test
[Music]
[Music]
how do you zoom how do i zoom
I got it I'm the best
