hello we are team Mountaineers from West
Virginia University and we are proud to
present our Rover design and demonstrate
our Readiness for the 2023 University
Rover challenge meet our team's newest
Rover Wanderer and our autonomous drone
Cosmos
the Rover's sheet metal chassis is
supported by a differential double bogey
system to maintain Four Points of
contact on uneven terrain carbon fiber
and Kevlar composite wheels are attached
to in-hub brushless motors the composite
construction allows an aggressive tread
design which enables the Rover to
Traverse a variety of terrains similar
to those at the Mars desert research
station the Rover is equipped with
adequate payload and interfacing space
to allow for easy integration All
Electronics such as the custom power
distribution payload control and Battery
monitoring boards are centralized in the
chassis to improve communication range
under the size constraints a telescoping
antenna mount is installed
this year we will be using one four
degree of Freedom hybrid palletizer
style manipulator for both the equipment
servicing and extreme retrieval and
delivery missions the arm consists of
machined aluminum components with
composite linkages arranged in a
parallel configuration actuated by two
can controlled brushless motors at the
base each payload contains the specifics
for each task such as the arm and
electronics
pipicos are used on the custom payload
pcbs with the main chassis able to
distinguish between payloads by placing
the motors at the base the masses of the
manipulator's links are reduced
decreasing the torque required to
manipulate objects
in this configuration the arm and motor
combination is able to lift up to eight
kilograms at full extension
an additional degree of freedom is
provided by a lead screw driven
horizontal rail the rail allows the arm
over 500 millimeters of travel
the arm also features a two degree of
Freedom differential giving the
operators control over pitch and roll
attached to the differential is a linear
clamping end effector the clamping end
effector provides the strength to
tightly grasp large objects while being
dexterous enough to manipulate features
on the Lander
for the equipment servicing Mission a
screwdriver is attached to the end
effector allowing the drivers to easily
screw and unscrew a bolt as well as
precisely type on a keyboard
the Rover communicates with the base
station using a 900 megahertz radio
connected to two weap antennas on the
Rover at the base station 120 degree
sector antenna provides a wide region
where communication is possible this
communication system has been tested up
to 850 meters and is able to maintain
control and video link at that distance
this year for the autonomous navigation
Mission our team has been developing
both autonomous drone and Rover systems
with the intention to complete the
mission with the Drone depending on
environmental conditions
both systems use a finite State machine
to switch between navigation search
approach and arrival States a pixhawk 6C
provides our localization solution with
accuracy of up to 1.5 meters which is
sufficient to arrive at the GN SS only
coordinates for the mission coordinates
including fiducial markers Ross aruko
detect is used on board both vehicles to
provide the marker positions relative to
the vehicle additionally a YOLO Vision
model has been trained to detect a Roku
markers from a greater distance in cases
where the Rover isn't able to see the
marker once arriving at a waypoint a
surge pattern is planned and executed
the science payload examines soil
samples using a visible light
spectrometer soil samples are collected
and stored on the robot through the use
of rotating drums
these drums are lowered to ground level
and rotate to collect soil using
integrated Scoops ethanol is then pumped
into the drums to create a solution
rotating the drums mixes the ethanol and
soil this solution is delivered to the
onboard science laboratory by the same
pump using a series of check valves the
laboratory contains a centrifuge with 14
cuvettes
for each sample site the centrifuge
contains two cuvettes one empty cuvette
for detecting biological chromophores
and one containing a chlorometric
substrate to detect peroxidase activity
sample solutions from each site are
examined for organic compounds by the
spectrometer and spectroscopy data is
sent back to the base station and
displayed on the GUI after determining
the samples of scientific value the
scoop drums can be easily removed from
the collector mechanism for further
testing
several events in which in which
freshman engineering and high school
students build their own obstacle
avoiding robots team Mountaineers is
excited and ready to compete in the 2023
University Rover challenge
