hi welcome to yonder dynamics last year
our Rover Procyon remained far from
perfect but it was a great stepping
stone to better things this year
we have fully redesigned our Rover from
the ground up with the competition tasks
in mind we are excited to show you what
our new Rover can do this year we are
designing a robust drilling mechanism
that will efficiently extract and cache
the soil first a 12-volt mini track
linear actuator will apply maximum
pressure for our long narrow drill auger
the sample carousel will cycle through
six chambers one for each sampling site
it will also house all the components
necessary to carry out our soil analysis
with the elimination of the lab portion
in this year's competition
we have poured our efforts into
developing an impressive onboard
analysis suite to look for extant life
we are employing a microbiological assay
that analyzes bacterial growth in a
sample in the carousel water nutrient
agar and our simple we'll mix together
in a controlled environment our Arduino
controlled turbidimeter x' will monitor
the total suspended particles in the
mixture over a given time interval we
will then compare the data to models of
bacterial growth under similar
conditions which we will develop with
the aid of dr. Brian bish for extinct
life based on the work of Darnell at all
we'll use Raman spectroscopy to detect
the presence of cellular ferrata noids
that are present in some radar resistant
extremophiles that's all for science now
over to Isabella for motions
during the design process the motions
team made sure to integrate our systems
by collaborating communicating closely
and hitting our deadlines we use
SolidWorks for CAD and Google Drive file
stream to manage our data across a
relatively large team of about 40 people
compared to last year UCSD and Qualcomm
have provided us with substantially more
resources for machining our parts so all
of our components will be machined to
substantially higher specifications than
before we're depending on the drivetrain
and Tracy's reliability off-road ability
and precise movement for every task in
the competition
the suspension worked well last year so
we use that design as a foundation to
improve upon we completely redesigned
the chassis out of carbon fiber and
aluminum tubing the back two wheels
shock absorption system was also
redesigned with improved range of motion
and the wheel system uses flexible
material in innovative ways we have
tested a few iterations of the wheel and
suspension prototypes so far further
improving our design we're using the arm
for the extreme retrieval and delivery
and the equipment servicing tasks they
have completely redesigned the arm out
of carbon fiber tubes and aluminum end
blocks making its main axes cable driven
from the base with a wrist being driven
by a differential gearbox we hope to be
able to easily lift over five kilograms
and have a large degree of precision we
plan to have the Rovers initial
iteration functional approximately three
months before the event we will then
focus on testing the rover in an
environment with similar conditions to
the URC we will also run the arm through
a series of tests resembling those it
will face in the university
[Music]
the software team has designed a diverse
software stack to address the unique
challenges put forth by the University
Rover challenge our lowest level systems
run on a de zero nano development board
which connects our core systems via
ethernet to an altaira cyclone 5 FPGA
for fast precise motor control and
encoder handling to run our autonomous
systems we use the NVIDIA Xavier which
is equipped with the GPU powerful enough
to run our autonomous algorithms
following our on-site testing at URC
2018 we've built upon our existing
autonomous systems with general
improvements to a controls and path
creation we have also designed a search
system that utilizes incomplete
information to help speed up our search
and we have upgraded our tennis ball
detection to make it light invariant
however we don't just want computers and
computer like people to drive the rover
instead we want to make it accessible
our control panel is a web app that
allows nearly any device to be used as
ground control
[Music]
boxes for each subsystem these boxes
will contain our own in-house design
PCBs protecting them from dust and dirt
during transport and competition this
will allow for easier connectivity
between subsystems of the rover a
reduction of messy wire nests and a
streamlined debugging process after
constructing a power budget based
primarily on motor choices we have
decided to use five fifty two hundred
million power 11.1 volt batteries for
for the drivetrain arm and onboard
sensors and one dedicated to the brains
of our Rover we have high hopes of what
our Rover is capable of for the URC
thanks for watching and we hope to see
you in Utah
[Music]
