hello and welcome to the Yonder Dynamics
systems acceptance review for the 2023
University Rover challenge Yonder
Dynamics is a student-run engineering
project team at UC San Diego and we are
excited to present lethargy our Rover
for the 2023 URC lethargy features a
newly developed drivetrain science
module and numerous other improvements
which have enhanced our Rover's
preparedness for all four URC missions
after an extensive research process we
chose to implement a new differential
bar based rocker bogey suspension system
on our Rover our design of The Rocker
Boogie is simple light and robust to a
variety of loading conditions our Rover
body features a TIG welding construction
and electrical enclosure integrated into
the chassis frame this design ensures a
low center of gravity for the Rover and
robustness throughout the differential
bar linkage allowing for easy traversal
over rough terrain and steep inclines a
Rover features a 5-axis arm that is
stable strong and has a large range of
motion
the arm uses a differential wrist and a
swappable 3D printed hand modules
allowing for quick reconfiguration of
the arm between missions
these features allow our arm to easily
manipulate the wide variety of objects
necessary for the extreme retrieval
Mission while maintaining the Precision
needed for equipment servicing tasks
to improve our Rover's competency for
the equipment servicing Mission we
iterated Upon Our Arms Control software
operators can now seamlessly switch
between control modes that best suit
each individual task course movements
can be performed using a closed loop
joint by joint control regime while fine
Cartesian motions can be performed by
switching into the inverse kinematics
mode our software also features motion
profiling of the arm to automate common
motions such as stowing the arm during
extended driving periods as well as
collecting and depositing soil in our
science module
we have also developed an inverse
kinematics model for a new delta type
arm attachment which will allow our
Rover to type on our keyboard or insert
thumb drives even faster and more
precisely
our proven path planning and GPS system
can guide the Rover during the
autonomous mission to within a three
meter radius of provided GPS points
which are inputted and monitored through
our web interface recently we
robustified the system by adding a
stereo camera to detect obstacles and
furnished a new algorithm to reroute on
the Fly this feature along with our
redesigned chassis that enables us to
consistently navigate to the provided
GPS planes even in challenging
conditions upon arrival at the GPS point
our Rover is capable of searching for
Roco tags using our redesigned elaborate
State machine once found the new Sensor
Fusion technique locks onto the detected
article attack and tracks it over
obstructions our newly designed
electrical system has been Consolidated
using custom pcbs which manage power
distribution communication and control
of the arm and science modules we've
also upgraded our emergency stop system
to be Fail-Safe and even easier to
activate in case of any problems our new
compact driver station features an
uninterruptible power supply that allows
for a seamless transition between Mains
powered and battery-powered operation
all the required antennas and
electronics can be operated from inside
a portable case which can quickly be set
up into our long-range broadcast station
our primary Communications are through a
high bandwidth 5.8 gigahertz system that
can transmit multiple high quality low
latency video streams simultaneously at
distances up to one kilometer
we also utilize a backup 900 megahertz
Lora system which allows us to continue
operating when line of sight is lost
during the science Mission each of the
soil samples are collected twice using
the science attachment for our hand the
first portion of soil for each sample is
deposited into one of six sealable and
easily removable containers of which we
select one to provide to the judges
following the mission
second portion of soil is deposited into
our science module which can analyze six
separate samples after automatically
measuring and depositing soil into four
separate cuvettes on a rotating Carousel
the cuvettes are individually stirred to
mix the soil with reagents pre-loaded
into each cuvette the cuvettes can then
be measured over the duration of the
mission using our custom-built
spectrometry system our detection head
is based around a micro-rama design and
uses a 532 nanometer laser diode for
excitation and a microscope objective
for collection the collected light is
fed into a CCD spectrometer through a
multi-mode fiber yielding Spectra with a
resolution of 5 inverse centimeters over
a bandwidth from 600 to 4000 inverse
centimeters which is ideal for detecting
indicators of extinct life such as
kerogene and carotenoids the same
spectroscopic head can also be used for
multiple other fluorescence and
transmission spectroscopy measurements
using a white LED we are able to collect
transmission Spectra that can capture
minute color changes in a pre-loaded pH
indicator yielding precise pH
measurements for determining the
habitability of the soil
we also pre-load fluorescent stains such
as Now red and dappy in separate
cuvettes which are excited by the 532
nanometer Laser Source and a separate
395 nanometer UV Source respectively we
have thoroughly characterized the
sensitivity of our fluorometry system
when used with these labels and our
on-rover system can detect
concentrations as low as 3 micrograms of
cell material and 100 milligrams of soil
thank you for watching and we hope to
see you at the 2023 URC
is
foreign
