welcome to younger dynamics we are a
student-run robotics organization at the
University of California San Diego now
we are competing in the 2020 University
Rover challenge in this video we will
detail the design and demonstrate the
capabilities of our new Rover for the
science mission our team has designed a
modular drilling system consisting of a
two inch auger mounted on a linear track
actuator the drone auger are tested on
hard rocky soil to simulate MBRs
conditions the soil flows out of the top
of the auger and it's collected in the
sample cups in the carousel the sample
carousel uses a servo motor to cycle
through each of the collection cups
allowing us a sample of six locations at
a time to test for excellent life the
cups are preloaded with the nutrient
broth to simulate microbial growth
arduino turbidity sensors are attached
at the bottom of each cup to measure the
turbidity over time we're employing an
onboard Raman spectrometer to look for
tracing nature's of carotenoids in our
samples due to Martha's lack of
magnetosphere life on Mars must have
developed resistances to high levels of
solar and cosmic radiation Carano have
been theorized to be a byproduct of
cyanobacteria radiation shielding and
repair mechanisms so evidence of Kuran
weeds in a sample might be an indication
of extinct Martian life i'm brian pack
i'm the armed team lead this year we've
optimized our arm design for performance
in the Ã¸resund missions this includes
large improvements to the range of
motion in both the arm and shoulder
joints as well as a complete redesign of
the hand by using 3d printed material
for much of the hand and wrist we're
able to make quick changes to the design
and have tested various finger shapes to
increase grip strength
hi my name's Justin I'm on the motion
team for Yonder dynamics the suspension
of the rover is a rocker-bogie system
with the new one-fifth scale RC car rear
shock absorbers to allow a traversal of
steep slopes there's a camera attached
to the arm to facilitate the equipment
servicing in the retrieval tasks and one
camera is attached to the front of the
rover for navigation each rubber tire is
powered by a gear down 775 Pro motor
with an output of 106 Newton millimeters
each allowing it to get through sandy
and rocky terrain the chassis is made of
lightweight carbon fiber and 6061
aluminium tubing and the arm is a
combination of carbon fiber tubing
Delrin and machined aluminum part
ensuring proper resilience for MDRS
conditions while remaining under the
weight limit I'm Jason Roddy and I'm an
engineer for the soft way team at Yonder
dynamics we rebuilt our software stock
from the ground up with the focus on
robustness usability and safety controls
are smooth intuitive and accessible
through a web interface that enables any
member of the team to use the rover and
monitor the onboard systems we
incorporate magic filtering to fuse our
sensor data for autonomous navigation
and paths following
we've trained and utilized our own
tensorflow our CNN model for air attack
detection and test today with over 7,000
augmentations
our exploration stock has been child in
an immersive our OS gazebo simulation of
the URC environment we captured Death
Maps through a Zed stereo camera and run
our live slam methods on an Nvidia
Xavier we are currently working towards
completing an inverse kinematics model
for a more precise control of the arm we
have updated our systems from last year
to improve reliability and have
extensively tested our new systems our
new system separates five volt and
twelve electrons onto two layers to
improve safety and organization several
redundant systems to monitor battery
voltages have been added to ensure
visibility of the rover status for
communication we have successfully
tested our antenna up to one kilometer
away
finally to cap it all off we have
developed protocols for preparations
startup and shutdown to allow anyone to
efficiently service the river we hope
you've enjoyed seeing what our new Rover
can do thank you for watching and we
hope to see you at the 2020 URC
