last year we built a rover it was far
from perfect but it got us to use up and
we named it courage this year things are
a little bit different we've redesigned
everything from the ground up for the
challenges of the URC and the rugged
terrain of the MDRS and mine our drive
system is a modified rocker-bogie with
adjustable front wheel geometry and a
spring and damper shock absorption
system to adapt to varied terrain it's
six brushless DC motors at 71 to 1 gear
ratio will provide temple torque to
scale steep incline the rover is
currently equipped with wheelies tires
we are also working on three custom tire
designs incorporating carbon fiber
molded polycarbonate and resin cast
polyurethane rubber
[Music]
our chassis incorporates the network of
beams inspired by a mammals vertebrae
the long central columns and branches
distribute loads throughout the system
so that the rubber can be no torsion and
resist bending we're using a plane our
design to be both space efficient and
lightweight which will facilitate
maneuverability to the competition tasks
we've selected structural fiberglass
engineering plastics and 3d printed
parts as our materials
our Rovers arm has 5 degrees of freedom
with two 200 pound force linear
actuators for strength and two sets of
planetary gear systems for the wrist and
entire arm based rotation we've used
simulation analysis to ensure the
strength and structure of the arm isn't
compromised the arm motors can lift up
to 5 kilograms even at the weakest
angles and the arm is removable so that
it can be exchanged for the science
payload system polyurethane filament is
used to 3d print flexible fingers of the
hand so it couldn't hold around most
objects but still have the rigidity to
hold its own shape our Rovers part by 22
a higher lithium-ion polymer battery we
have calculated a run time of two hours
over three kilometers in a worst-case
scenario our wheels are manipulator
controlled with an Arduino mega and nano
respectively and we are designing PCBs
for those microcontrollers and all our
motive drivers the microcontroller board
allows the Nano to be swapped out for
another to match the manipulator
attached to the rover while the motor
driver boards will drive clean wire
management simplified it buggy and
reduce electromagnetic interference our
brushless DC wheeled motors were chosen
for their low weight low power
consumption and high stall torque and
consideration of the extreme retrieval
and delivery tests we plan on using to
ubiquity rocket reviews at 5 gigahertz
to communicate with the rumen a MIMO
omni antenna on the rover and a sector
antenna at the base station gives
Rangers exceeding one kilometer and high
data transfer rates the brains of our
Rover are Nvidia Jetson px 2 and
Raspberry Pi 3 which are networked to
act as a single system using Ross the
Nvidia Jetson has a powerful GPU that
gives us the ability to drive
autonomously using cutting-edge
environment mapping and navigation
techniques to actively plan routes that
avoid obstacles the Raspberry Pi then
interprets these paths using a testament
of the rover's position and directs our
suite of Arduino is to follow its
commands
