hello and welcome to the yonder dynamic
systems acceptance review for the 2022
university rover challenge yonder
dynamics is a student-run engineering
project team at uc san diego and we are
proud to present complacency our
substantially upgraded rover for the
2022 urc season we have focused this
season on iterating our previous rover
design to improve its capabilities
reliability and ease of use this year
the mechanical sub team has overhauled
the design of the three primary joints
on the arm in response to the
limitations of previous design
iterations the new arm has a vastly
improved range of motion and stability
these changes have enabled the arm to
reach positions previously mechanically
impossible and give the arm sufficient
flexibility to be used for its diverse
range of necessary functions likewise
the improved stability of this arm has
allowed for greater precision in the
fine control of the major joints an
aspect of performance crucial to the
equipment surfacing mission the new arm
was designed to be compatible with our
team's differential wrist from previous
years swappable 3d printed hand modules
are used at the end of the wrist
allowing for quick reconfiguration of
the arm between the equipment servicing
and science missions the modularity of
the hand also allows for rapid iteration
of hand designs enabling experimentation
of a variety of finger shapes for the
different missions the drivetrain of the
rover is centered around a modified
rocker bogey system with one fifth scale
rc shock absorbers to allow traversal of
steep and rocky slopes each rubber tire
is powered by a geared down 775 pro
motor with new 3d printed hubs allowing
the rover to get through sandy and rocky
terrain through collaboration between
the mechanical and science sub teams the
science subsystem has been substantially
simplified rather than using a dedicated
sample collection module a simple scoop
attachment has been designed for the arm
collected samples can be deposited into
one of four sample cups using a rotating
carousel in the analysis module
each cup is pre-loaded with a bg-11
cyanobacteria nutrient broth that has
demonstrated favorable conditions for
microbial growth
extant life can then be detected by
analyzing turbidity values over time for
a characteristic growth curve
the analysis module houses a ccd
spectrometer along with a reconfigurable
laser diode-based illumination system
this optical system has been designed to
perform fluorescence measurements and
rama spectroscopy
making it flexible for a variety of
experiments currently we use
beta-carotene as an indicator of extinct
life as any viable martian organisms
would likely have developed
radiation-shielding carotenoid biofilms
to protect from the high amounts of
radiation on the martian surface
additionally beta-carotene has a
distinct raman signature making it ideal
for detection using our simple optical
system
drivers of the rover interact with an
easy-to-use web interface that is served
directly off the rover this allows any
member to control the rover and monitor
the onboard systems with only their
browsers our software stack is built
with docker allowing members to
contribute and test remotely with
confidence
thanks to this simple approach to remote
testing major advances have been made to
the rover's autonomous functions the
rover can now autonomously localize
itself and plan a smooth route following
any sequence of gps points
an onboard stereo camera is used to
navigate around obstacles
after reaching the vicinity of an ar
attack we use the rt star algorithm to
explore the area
as for detecting the ar tags we use a
lightweight yellow model trained over
100 000 real and augmented images
we have also implemented real-time
inverse kinematics to control the
rover's arm
after developing the inverse kinematics
model remotely using gazebo simulations
the closed-loop kinematic control
algorithm was implemented at a firmware
level
allowing for closed loop updates to
occur hundreds of times per second
the smooth and precise arm movement has
massively improved our rover's
capability to perform equipment
servicing tasks
this year's electrical system is the
result of a complete overhaul to
separate rover subsystems into fully
functional independent components by
encapsulating the arm and science
modules into units with a standard power
and communication interface all rover
subsystems can be tested independently
from the rover and redesigns can be
implemented without any changes to the
main rover's electronics
to realize this encapsulated design we
have implemented protocase electrical
enclosures across our rover these
enclosures make the rover's wiring much
more organized and substantially more
weather resistant throughout the
electrical system we have designed and
implemented custom pcbs to consolidate
and improve the reliability of sensitive
control circuitry these pcbs feature
microcontroller sockets that enable
quick swapping of damaged daughter
boards
the boards perform tasks such as cell by
cell battery monitoring servo voltage
regulation encoder reading and led
driving we have also constructed a
compact driver station from the ground
up that can be packed into a single
waterproof case the driver station uses
a directional five gigahertz antenna
which can reliably communicate with the
rover from up to one kilometer away the
driver station can also be powered using
either an internal battery or external
power supply enabling testing in a
variety of environments thank you for
watching and we hope to see you at the
2022 urc
you
