[Music]
for this year's competition the York
University Rover team has decided to
completely revamp her approach to
building the rover instead of designing
the typical wheel based rover most teams
favor we opted into a tread based design
the treads allow for a lower surface
pressure making it more effective when
traversing rough terrain our design also
features a lower center of gravity
enabling the use of a larger arm this
stronger arm can be used to clear
obstacles as well as restabilized the
rover should it ever fall over when the
arm is unmounted the rover will be able
to execute inverted operations the
science team has been researching
extensively for the past few months to
investigate the best methods for
determining the presence of light and
regulate this Rover is a modular build
so we can alter attachments depending on
the task at hand this keeps the rover's
weight down as well as protects the
scientific instruments during other
tasks the first step in any science plan
is being able to locate a suitable
sample to assess for this task we will
be looking for a combination of
indicators for the potential of life
some of these include mud cracks which
could indicate a previous presence of
water and desert varnish which could
indicate manganese excreting microbes we
could further narrow down potential
sites by locating the lowest altitudes
as well as most likely to be found there
the sample retrieval module includes a
long augerin or retrieval tube which
will pull up soil samples from 10
centimeters down using a screw pump
mechanism this sample is then deposited
in a sterile container where it is
stored it is then brought back to the
lab further analysis such testing
includes mass spectrometry analysis and
pH testing
once the auger is finished two probes
humidity and sensor will be inserted
into the sample hole to gather more data
at a sample depth furthermore onboard
sensors like the Geiger counter an
atmospheric sensor will record data on
the sample site finally the sample will
be observed under a microscope we will
be looking at the soil type as well as
any possible microbial life all of these
methods in conjunction should be enough
to prove or at least strongly indicate
whether or not life is or has been
present at the site our electronics team
has been hard at work converting our
homegrown software packages to Ross the
robotics operating system Ross as
described by its developers is a
collection of tools libraries and
conventions that aim to simplify the
task of creating complex and robust
robotic behavior
the chief benefits of Ross are the wide
variety of open libraries available for
the platform and the built-in WebSocket
based networking which streamlines the
communication between independent
systems this built-in networking makes
it simple to divide deployment efforts
across many small teams drastically
increasing our development throughout
our software systems are divided into a
collection of independent nodes
governing actuation sensors and control
most of our custom software is written
in Python due to its compatibility with
Ross and availability of the libraries
and the team's overall familiarity with
language the base station for our Rover
consists of a 2.4 gigahertz router and
associate moving parabolic antenna a
desktop computer a monitor and two
joysticks during the competition the
parabolic antenna will continually
update its bearings to point the rover's
locations ensuring reliable
communication over large distances the
rover is governed by a centralized
Odroid computer maintaining a core
networking node and several independent
subsystem notes an onboard router
handles communication with the base
station actuation is controlled by three
independent arduino nano
microcontrollers controlling the arm
drive and scientific instruments
respectively sensors are handled in a
similar way to actuators with the
independent microcontrollers handling
regular input from an ultrasonic array
and publishing it to the rover network
cameras located on the arm effector and
central chassis also published a
compressed video stream to the base
station and autonomous subsystems one of
the two Arctic a GPS chips will provide
a proximate look
data went out of contact with the base
station sensors are handled in a similar
way to actuators with independent
microcontrollers handling regular input
from the ultrasonic array and publishing
it to the rover network cameras located
on the arm effector and central chassis
also published a compressed video stream
to the base station and autonomous
subsystems one of two RTK GPS chips will
provide approximate location data when
out of contact with a base station and a
centimeter level accuracy from
differential GPS methods when the base
station is in contact our rover will
have a toggleable autonomous mode which
fulfills two functions for autonomous
traversal tasks it will take a set of
GPS coordinates and attempt to navigate
it to them for the path planning we are
using a multipath adaptive a star if the
rover is out of contact with the base
station during Intel Operation session
it will also attempt to return to the
last-known location with a strong signal
basic cue circle techniques and color
filtering allow it to hone in on
spherical targets at short range
