[Music]
hi we are real sober team and welcome to
ellis technical university istanbul we
will introduce you our first generation
rover sparkle
[Music]
our reverse modular chassis is made of
t-cells aluminum which is durable
reliable and allows us to make
configurations between missions we have
integrated a record suspension system
with a differential bar mechanism to the
chassis this system allows the rover to
overcome high obstacles and keep the
vehicle imbalanced in rough terrain
conditions
3d printed airless tpu tires features
vertical and arrow-shaped horizontal
threads to improve traction performance
thanks to high-torque crushed dc motor
we ensure the rover can climb up to 45
degrees of slope without slipping over
the rechargeable 18650 cell battery was
preferred as the main power source
considering the electronic equipment
that require high current
b designed battery management system
power distribution motor driver encoder
sensor peripheral and tcd 1304 pcbs to
be used in the rover
rover's internal communication consists
of a special kian basanyward protocols
the external communication between the
rover and control station is based on
5.8 gigahertz access points and an
omnidirectional antenna up to one
kilometer range
in weekly locations of pcbs and other
electronic equipment were decided by
considering emergency scenarios
in addition easily accessible an
emergency stop button was placed on the
rover that will shut down under any
circumstances
for the autonomous test we use various
sensors on the road such as rtk gnss 3d
lidar magnetic encoders and stereo
camera
we obtained a unique automata data by
using multiple sensors data using this
data in movies package we let the rover
know its position and enable to reach
the desired location precisely
while reaching the given destination
point drawer avoids all obstacles and
create possible paths then it choose the
least costly path
a stereo camera was chosen for excellent
observation
also a micro camera was used to zoom
image in science analysis and a camera
was aimed at robotic arm to become
focused in action
when the rover reads the navigation zone
it search for markers near them
according to the count of markers it
plans and executes motion successfully
we combine detected microspeed depth
from a stereo camera to obtain an
accurate distance
after the object to be reached by the
robotic arm is determined a collusion
free trajectory is created towards the
object with the joystick or iris
interface
we emerged data from the stereo camera
and lidar in harvest to create a
collusion free trajectory and make the
robotic arm gain perception
we also use absolute encoders relative
joint data to match it move its
calculated data properly
in our 6-axis robotic arm we use
high-reduction dc motors and linear
activators that provide smooth under
vector sensitivity
the arm also can easily handle a payload
of up to 5 kilograms with end effector
the carbon fiber tubes give us high
durability and lightness
the clamps connect in the linear
activator to the carbon fiber tubes also
offers an adjustable range of motion the
end effector is a lead secure mechanism
with a micro motor and two fingers
moving parallel to each other
the gripping surface of the end effector
is caused by rubber to increase gripping
capability
carried out our studies on the
distinction between extinct extant and
non-life by following the biochemical
activities of such as chemicals and
phototrophs
we analyze the environment's temperature
humidity pressure and several gas levels
such as carbon dioxide metal nitrogen
dioxide and ammonia to absorb the
suitability of the environment for
extant life
the digital microscope allows us to
examine the traces of extinct life
without sampling we interpret the color
tones and settlement shapes on the rock
and soil surface using our sedimentology
archive and muscle color charts
we use a drill mechanism to take soil
samples from the surface
the samples are transferred to designs
mechanism with the transfer arm with our
science mechanism we can take soil
samples from four different locations
and transfer them to correct cells then
analyze the samples both with our
analytical devices and chemical tests
we examine the ph and temperature values
of the sample to test the soil suits
ability for the extent life conditions
we are also investigating the presence
of mpk elements in the environment which
are necessary for the survival of
photoautotrophs also a custom-made bis
spectrophotometer is used to detect the
compounds in the soil such as
chlorophyll and carotenoid
after the analytical devices
measurements calorimetric tests are used
to observe the presence of protein and
lipid the spectrophotometer is then used
to measure biomolecules after the tests
are added into the cuvettes
