team zeus from university of sherbrooke
in quebec canada presents steve this
year's submission to the university
rover challenge
the team is composed of ten members
three of which are studying in
electrical engineering and seven in
robotics engineering the robot is the
evolution of zeus's submission to the
canadian international rover challenge
in which it took first place in the 2021
event the rover is mainly constructed in
aluminum and hollow carbon fiber tubing
allowing it to be very sturdy while
staying as lightweight as possible
it uses a rocker bogey system to help
overcome obstacles while ensuring the
wheels are maintaining contact with the
ground even on rough terrain the wheels
are a custom 3d printed design made of
tpu their honeycomb structure allows an
elastic deformation to help gain
traction on solid obstacles while
absorbing shock and minimizing weight
they can ensure a lot of wear and tear
with their solid and thick outer shell
in the extreme situation where one would
break down the wheels are easily
serviceable with their screws exposed
ready to be swapped out
the rover currently uses a 2.4 gigahertz
dual antenna system
testing has determined that even without
direct line of sight the rover can still
communicate for one kilometer
the base station uses a directional
antenna which is rotated towards the
rover using its gps coordinates and the
signal strength feedback
furthermore the antenna can be easily
transported with its own onboard battery
allowing us to control the rover from
virtually any environment in a variety
of situations
to assist in different missions the
robot is equipped with multiple on-board
cameras to localize itself detect
arugula codes and give visibility to the
operator
a zed stereo camera gives us access to
visual odometry helping to avoid
obstacles
in addition to the cameras the rover
uses a dual rtk gps system during its
autonomous tasks to get its global
positioning at the centimeter level and
a 9-axis imu allows it to get its global
orientation in relation to the magnetic
north
those odometry sources are fused
together using an extended kalman filter
a jetson xavier nx is used to process
the data and then using the a-star
algorithm plan the optimal path to reach
the goal
the local path is calculated using a
dynamic window approach algorithm to
avoid short range obstacles
the robot is powered using a 16 000 mah
four cell lithium polymer battery pack
through testing it has been determined
that a single battery pack is enough to
power the rover for up to three hours
even in the cold canadian weather a
custom-built pcb is used to monitor and
balance the battery cells to ensure that
performance is always maximized
a lightweight and robust robotic arm was
built using carbon fiber hockey sticks
generously given to us by the montreal
canadiens
it has five degrees of freedom as well
as a two finger gripper from robotic a
local company a custom case has been
printed to remove unnecessary weight
from the effector
linear actuators are used for elbow and
shoulder movements providing enough
strength to lift 5 kilogram objects
the arm has a range of 1.32 meters from
its base allowing it to reach both the
ground and targets located at a 1.5
meter level
it can pick up objects and rotate itself
to store items on the rover's back for
easy delivery
the gripper is not only able to pick up
a range of differently shaped objects
but also to maintain high torque while
doing so
dc motors on the worm gear assembly
allow the arm to have two degrees of
rotation on the wrist it is dexterous
enough to manipulate an allen key and
type on a keyboard
a camera mounted near the gripper allows
the operator to locate the end
effector's position more accurately
while the other one on the shoulder
gives a better idea of the task at hand
the science module will be located at
the center of the robot underneath its
electrical box it uses an archimedes
screw which can be lowered to the ground
for picking up samples a carousel
powered by a stepper motor indexes up to
eight different samples while
maintaining memory of their position and
scientific results
different kinds of sterile and
fertilized dirt are used to test the
scientific process as well as the
mechanical system
a collection cycle is simple loosely
packed soil is gathered from the ground
by moving a worm screw and the
archimedes group brings it up into a
funnel that will deposit it into its
corresponding valve into carousel
avoiding cross-contamination
the carousel then rotates to allow our
multiple sensors to access the samples
and to determine whether there is
extinct extent or no life within the
soil
to find signs of life on rocks a uv
camera will be used to detect for signs
of lichen or other living organisms
thank you for your time and
consideration team zeus is very excited
to bring steve to utah and we are
looking forward to seeing all of you
there
